so, if why don't guys pursue women anymore?
i might revise this question to ask why don't guys with genuine interest in a woman as a person pursue women anymore?.
that is why it would appear that guys don't pursue women anymore.
so, why do we not pursue you anymore?
we dont pursue women anymore coz its really not worth it.
not sneaking anymore to the museum, we would spend after-school fridays drinking beer in a park, worrying about final exams.
when you hear more proper terms of address, you know you have crossed over some invisible line and youre not a child anymore.
when did you find out that you were not young anymore?
the question was: my son told me he doesn't want to go to church anymore.
it took another year before i got up the courage to tell my mom that i didnt believe in her religion and i wasnt going to church anymore.
is indian media not credible anymore ?
i couldnt take it anymore.
i don't know what to say anymore.
you began to rationalize why you arent in love anymore.
tell her you just can't provide the happy environment for her anymore.
tell her it's because although you care for her and always will, you just don't feel in love with her anymore and it's been that way for enough time that you're confident you're hurting her.
heres one of the most common mistakes people make with food and why they dont ever feel hungry anymore.
the trick is to know before hand if your partner has the same philosophy, or if they side with the spirit of the age and decide that it's a good thing to give up when it's not fun anymore.
i cannot tell anyone how to not care anymore.
i cannot tell anyone how to not love anymore.
so my mother lied to me, and lied to the police, and told the courts that she couldnt handle me anymore, despite the fact that i kept to myself and didnt get into any trouble - just a lot of anxiety.
i hope he doesnt take them for granted anymore.
if not it was okay, but i was not going to be around the neighborhood anymore.
why don't men chase women anymore when they're only told "no" once?
but nowadays, no one wants to do his/her own thing anymore.
you don't want to code anymore.
first of all, i am clarifying my concept of need taiwan anymore.
in short, the current china has never controlled taiwan, and therefore it can be more reasonable if your question can be rephrased as does china need to claim taiwan as part of it anymore?
does us need alaska anymore?
does uk need gibraltar anymore?
does japan need hokkaido anymore?
does russia need kaliningrad anymore?
does israel need jerusalem anymore?
unless youre running a massive mining operation in a location with low electricity costs (like china), then in my opinion it does not make sense to mine bitcoin anymore.
but if you want to become truly great, you have to push through this, even when its not fun anymore.
it requires a small amount of willpower in the short-term, but will greatly reduce the amount of willpower needed over the long-term because youre no longer relying on willpower anymore.
after a while, your sense of personal worth will start to shift, at that moment, those little steps wont feel a burden anymore and youll want to augment your contribution.
you do not need to learn javascript anymore as there are tons of libraries and frameworks out there that substitute/replace javascript.
not sure where the temporal (anymore?)
its not worth the stress anymore.
there are times in life when you feel you have lost love in life , that maybe that emotion doest exist in you anymore or even that love was never meant for you , but its just an illusion .
its not that college degrees arent needed anymore, it is the value of it that is decreasing.
i wouldnt say the college degree isnt needed anymore as a blanket statement, i would say things are different to where a college degree directly after high school is no longer objectively the most lucrative path like it used to be.
certainly, we dont need android anymore and with hololens in the queue, nothing will be the same.
android is going to be everywhere and there will be no place for questions like do we need android anymore?.
i feel dirty, and i cant look at them the same way anymore without feeling sick.
even though it is obvious they cant hold the office anymore either.
little ones just don't have the power, and big ones require launching systems that dont really resemble rifles anymore.
and i dont want to be this way anymore.
after this interesting experience, i have decided that it isnt that i cant read anymore, rather its two items.
you know youre not a beginner anymore if at least 10 of the following are true:
"why don't cops wear shoulder holsters anymore?"
if there was something small bothering you that you can not change, decided to not care anymore could liberate you from the over analyzing and dwelling.
when i don't care anymore, i just do it.
when i dont care anymore, i become more determined and empowered.
when i dont care anymore, i embrace who i truly am.
anyways, i realize that was more of an explanation of the yemen civil war than just pictures of flags of countries that dont exist anymore.
advances in communications, rise in general level of education and changing cultural values also helped in creating an army where command didnt need to man the front lines anymore.
is there no decency anymore when a tv commentator on morning joe called our president, donald trump, a "vulgar pig"?
your question is: is there no decency anymore?
there is no decency anymore.
no, there does not seem to be any decency (or a whole lot of it) anymore.
between netflix, amazon prime video, directv now and showtime now, hbo now, there really isnt any reason to have a tv anymore.
i dont even show up for events, gatherings and shit anymore because i know its a waste of my time.
to have false notions of your identity and cling to them, then have them debunked by life so you don't trust them anymore... it's an identity crisis.
what are signs you don't love a person anymore?
well you can have 100s more signs which would indicate you don't love a person anymore but sometimes we have to make hay with only 1.
look for change of feelings in your heart more than anything else, to figure out you don't love a person anymore.
when you love a person, you overlook so many trivial(or not so trivial) things but there comes a time you can't do it anymore.
well, donald trump says we don't win anymore.
it doesn't really have any rivals anymore.
there isn't even a cold war anymore, because the us' last enemy fell apart and is now in a serious economic recession.
"why don't i believe in my religion anymore?"
you don't care about it anymore because you've stopped doing what you were doign when you were a devout christian.
kids at school even use video games to learn because the traditional route isnt that appealing anymore.
i don't love them anymore the way i used to?
that's how you know you don't love somebody anymore.
even when you cant smile anymore, hiking with few teammates will bring that smile back to your face.
and then, not just me, but all of us realized that we were not teenagers anymore.
not a teenager anymore and i'm happy to be in my mid 20s.
if there are websites those provide the dofollow links so those links do not concern with the google ranking anymore.
example could be as simple as i cant study anymore, or it is not going to bring good results so it would be just wastage of time and efforts or it is not worth etc.
a2a..you asked: my crush & i don't talk anymore, what now?
thats a good question, and there have been times in my life where i just felt like i didnt have the energy to cry about something anymore.
my boyfriend doesnt call or text me much anymore.
step 5: think of how amazing it will feel when you ace the exam and don't have to worry about it anymore!
i think its really hard to explain why is it communist or if its not anymore
they control the land, the policies, and the military but they are not proletariat anymore, which means they are not representing the people they meant to represent but on opposite
he isn't exactly young anymore, and certainly doesn't appear healthy looking; there is a good chance he will die before he finishes all 7 of the books if this is the rate he is now working at.
i wouldnt say its not good anymore.
your not feeling music anymore may only be a symptom of the bigger issue.
just couldn't seem to get into it anymore.
i started to realize that i have no interest in eating anymore.
why are games written in c++ and not c anymore?
shes not having angry outbursts at me anymore.
given that nadal still owns the h2h and is only marginally behind even off clay, we can only say nadal is unable to beat federer anymore when, well, that actually keeps up until the end of their careers.
it is a privilege to see them play, and it is much more fun now that rafa doesnt have a place in rogers head anymore.
eventually, the fashion industry took this in turn and began becoming more experimental with what they could do now that button-downs and long skirts were not 'needed' anymore.
original question: why don't we americans dress up anymore?
few of us agonize much anymore about showing up at an event underdressed, because that would only seem uncaring and nonchalant  in other words, cool.
sure, they make some scientific references, but it's not what the episodes revolve around anymore.
the jokes are predictable, and the plots have no real meaning anymore.
not anymore.
"i'm really not interested in talking to you anymore.
i'm sorry, i don't want to talk to you anymore because [fill in reason here].
it's used in some pretty important applications, but no one is tooting their horn over it anymore.
they require too much manpower, cost too much to build, are too large, and they aren't needed anymore.
there is no need anymore for battleships.
f-22 raptor is not in production anymore.
job after job he left because he didnt want to do it anymore.
if he says to not come in anymore, stop coming in for work.
why are there so many questions complaining about men not chasing women anymore?
after sleeping for 3 hours a night for 4 months, i no longer feel tired with 3 hours of sleep anymore, it has been 3 months since.
i dont know why you are not feeling tired anymore but this is not normal.
"have you talked it through with him to find out how he feels by you declaring he does not love you anymore?"
"come on let's get a coffee and discuss why he may not love you anymore?
however, i recently heard someone say that, america used to be a place where you could get what you want: provide for your family, buy a house, educate your kids, go on vacation, have a nice life but now, no matter how hard we work, those things are beyond most peoples reach so we just dont care about it anymore.
original question: is there anything good about america anymore?
we have the most innovative capitalist system for technology and medicine, as discussed in adrian mcgovern's answer to is there anything good about america anymore?
is the gop not interested in being democratic anymore?
the gop literally has no ideology anymore aside from acquiring power; even their stand-by position of trickle-down economics is mostly forgotten, or at best half-heartedly raised.
obviously that kind of thing isn't tolerated anymore with the high numbers of deployed females in the military.
these days, soldiers don't need to do any of these anymore, really.
why dont you talk anymore?
you are not in the same class anymore - and that is not merely literal.
she told me that she doesn't trust me anymore as a friend.
n: yes, i feel that you are not the same person, same friend anymore.
bit of a long answer, but that is why nobody is building battleships anymore.
thats why theyre not built anymore, but also why they were built in the past; they belonged to that time and its level of technical advancement and efficiency.
why don't we build tank destroyers anymore?
youre starting to realize that maybe this isnt the best thing for youyou obviously arent getting any happiness out of it anymore, and youre beginning to think that it might actually be holding you back.
you do not feel like hugging, kissing or having sex with that person anymore.
if you feel that you don't want to study anymore, it's because:
maybe try to introspect as to why you don't want to study anymore.
this feeling of i don't want to study anymore is quite common in this age plus this is board year so maybe because of all the pressure you're thinking this.
why are you concerned about not feeling joy anymore?
why isn't french the international language anymore?
in other words, the emotional pain caused by this loss is what makes them think that they wont be able to live anymore.
even giving out a smile at work ( when your feeling down - and i understand your not anymore -- can have positive affirmations for your soul/ psyche)
when went abroad, people just assume you are from china, because republic of china isnt recognized anymore but the peoples republic of china is.
there aren't many unique books anymore.
it says: who were important writers of their own time but aren't widely read anymore?
so, why isnt he read much anymore?
he has reached a point in life, he does not need to impress the crowd anymore.
those arent the only reasons i dont watch much entertainment anymore, however.
i still may watch something with a friend or family member, but its not a part of my routine anymore.
this is the reason you cant watch netflix us outside the us anymore.
it is just not cool anymore.
no, we do not need religion anymore.
ij fact, religion is not needed anymore is actually an understatement - it should be actively discarded.
do we need abracadabra anymore?
a million transistors is very small (even 1b is not impressive anymore), and even a single glitch can break a chip.
there are quite a few things that could play a factor as to why you are not getting the same amount of likes on your posts anymore unlike what you used to get.
tell her you want to break up, that it doesnt feel right to you anymore.
you've realized that you don't love her anymore.
but it has to be done if you really don't love her anymore, it will be worse if you wait longer.
this is where i don't think about it anymore.
but i personally don't intend to comment on answers anymore and if indeed there are fewer comments on answers than before, maybe it's because commenters have had experiences similar to mine.
anyway, in short, i don't expect to be commenting on answers anymore.
so, do people comment on quora anymore?
there may be two reasons why you dont feel sad anymore.
you don't feel sad anymore because
i just generally don't feel happy or sad anymore, and it can get frustrating at times.
thank you for the question, why is it that god/holy spirit doesnt inspire humans to write the bible anymore?
why is it that god/holy spirit doesn't inspire humans to write the bible anymore?
since commercial aircraft have become so inexpensive and cheap, hardly anybody wants to spend three months getting across the atlantic anymore, particularly when you can fly across it in a few hours.
since youtube is going to the dogs - copyright infringement laws getting tighter it's very difficult to even find anything entertaining on youtube anymore.
truth doesn't matter anymore because of many reasons.
it obviously depends on perspective but more and more people are not viewing them as rich anymore.
rockefeller republicans were a political phenomenon of another era in u.s. politics, and they dont exist anymore.
that is my focus everytime i have another surgery, or get rushed to hospital or the pain is so bad that i don't think i can handle anymore.
it was really rare for a slave to reach this age, and, in fact, this law was a great deal to the slave owner, since they could not sell this slave for a good price and he/she could not work so much anymore.
most likely because you do not do anything exciting anymore!
but god forbid they dont do that then the friendship is doomed, is boring and will be marked off later as we just werent that close anymore
its not too common anymore to hear these referred to as thongs:
third, due to the development of superb electric and non-electric razors, very few people go to a barber for a shave anymore.
so, why dont women wear nylons (as much) anymore, and why didnt i until recently?
now...you asked 'how you can tell this woman you don't want anything to do with her anymore?'
(im approaching this question with the assumption that all is well but your friends dont talk to you anymore.)
but since the amount of time you have with each and every single one of them will naturally decline, a lack of communication may be easily concluded as my friends dont talk to me anymore.
now if youre asking about why gunstocks are hardly ever made out of wood anymore, thats because materials science has advanced enough that polymers and plastics can offer superior performance to wood at lower expense.
i assume the question refers to why parts of the gun like the stock and grip are not made out of wood anymore.
the primary reason why parts of a gun arent made of wood anymore is because of technological advancement.
i mean the answer "spain is not superpower anymore because it failed many times on different occasions" does not answer why did that happen.
i said i can't betray you anymore, i don't feel the same for you. "
i don't love you anymore"
how do i tell a 5 years old daughter that her daddy doesn't want to see her anymore?
i date women of all different shades and backgrounds, however i dont really find white women attractive anymore.
why don't people listen to rock music anymore?
in the public eye, it may seem like nobody listens to rock anymore.
it may not exactly sound like deep purple, zeppelin, hendrix, ac-dc, or the who anymore, but those artists all had more than a fair share of spotlight, and will continue to do so even as more music gets created.
why aren't there super large predators in the sea anymore?
and maybe he feels the same..you dont turn him on anymore.
but that love is not there anymore.
if he doesn't have anytime to spend with you anymore
if he doesn't seem to understand you anymore, when you used to be on the same wavelength
it would be a major understatement if i said keywords arent important to seo anymore.
if u only speaking with respect to meta keywords, the ones you can view in the source code, then its not used in seo anymore.
but that's their safety net when they fall or when they realize you aren't willing to be a doormat anymore.
but i would consider why you don't like the name anymore.
thats the reason we dont conquer anymore.
when i here that someone dies i try and feel bad for them or convince myself to feel empathy but i dont feel it anymore.
it's definitely not considered the norm anywhere i go anymore.
to find out the answer is having 4 kids normal anymore you should do this.
i just don't see a lot of them in my area anymore.
which is the correct sentence, we didn't see you anymore or we don't see you anymore?
we didn't see you anymore.
we don't see you anymore.
the inclusion of the word anymore in both sentences indicates that each statement is referring to a condition that had existed previously, but which no longer exists at the time being referenced.
which is the correct grammar, we did not see you anymore or we do not see you anymore?
we did not see you anymore would be said to somebody who has most likely permanently left and will never again be seen by the speaker.
we do not see you anymore would be said to somebody who is protesting at the persons constant absence, and would like to see them again.
after our unfortunate 2007 disagreement with you over the croutons, we did not see you anymore.
you used to be one of our regulars, but we do not (dont) see you here anymore.
so when you think you are not happy anymore, follow any of the two above.-> listen music, play some musical instruments, watch movie, try some sports or whatever..-> try to spend most of your time in group of funny people(we all should have a friend zone who always talk of funny and bullshit stuffs, i mean a kind really stud people)-> if you are single and have a gf/bf, who is quite close to you and you both have a really good understanding about each other then go for a date(when i am saying date, i mean all limits that you love birds can cross ).
you say you are not happy anymore which suggests to me you were once happy.
short: the reasons why rifle grenades are not in widespread use anymore is mostly due to the high injury risk, the additional training time required and the introduction of hand held grenade launchers.
why don't modern militaries use rifle grenades anymore?
the difference between today and the 60s and 70s is that you dont hear the geniuses on the radio anymore.
ill tell you why i think degree/graduation doesnt matter anymore.
these degrees were relevant when not everyone had one, but not so relevant anymore.
are college degrees relevant anymore?
the reason i don't play minecraft anymore is because i've run out of things to do.
splitting infinitives (does anyone even care about this one anymore?
your question should be the other way round: why don't americans wear americans style clothing anymore?
now who said that women do not wear shorts to the gym anymore?
so people..i would just say that if you think that women do not wear shorts to the gym anymore then you are quite wrong.
why doesn't anyone know the difference between it's and its anymore?
i have provided information on how google really does not use this as a ranking tool at all anymore and, how the other two major search engines do indeed take a peek at this tag.
similarly , if the one you love has reasoned herself not to love you anymore , the pain will be so agonizing that you will just know.
believe me, you would know effortlessly if she doesnt love you anymore, its just you would probably continue to live in denial with hope of everything getting back to normal just some day.
the systematic denial of informed consent, lack of prescriber accountability, and perpetual drug manufacturer dishonesty all make the prospect of using medication to not be depressed anymore a dangerous notion even aside from the risks of drugs themselves.
for this particular application, drugs are generally incapable of making someone not depressed anymore.
im quite good in coding and i dont want to go to school anymore.
this use to get advanced, wasting time doing from scratch is not an appreciated job anymore i think and also there is an another side as client needs their work faster, expectations are set now.
how did israel become so right-wing to the point where many american liberals don't support it anymore?
obama did and thus the perception that liberals dont support israel anymore.
the old routine will no longer be something you miss anymore.
these are a few reasons id give to why we dont see him in wwe anymore, most link to his wrestling school in punjab.
because the great khali cant wrestle anymore, he had trouble walking now.
it's not so much about it ending in that moment ( let's face it...most of the time the relationship isn't healthy anymore and it ending actually makes sense)...it's more about losing the thoughts about what life was going to be like with this person.
i was shattered and did not want to live anymore.
when you cant find much excitement anymore in entertainment or usual fun or pursuings people do in their spare time.
so yeah, thats what i dont do anymore, being one of those quorans who write for upvotes.
i dont smoke anymore.
i don't watch porn anymore.
watching porn is one thing i'm happy i don't do anymore.
why doesn't quora allow me to add details to my question anymore?
if the person doesn't concern himself/herself with anything in your life anymore.
if mining is not profitable it means that either people are using it and not willing to pay fees or that nobody is using bitcoin anymore.
the profit comes from offering a useful service to the public - if the public doesnt think its useful anymore, then there will be no profit.
so, its the other way around - if bitcoin dies, then mining wont be profitable anymore (anywhere in the world, not just in most places in the world).
almost everyone came to this point of life when they find no purpose to live anymore but that's where we find our purpose.
sometimes im with you, i wonder why i dont really get that sense of wonder anymore.
to answer the question, i think games are not fun anymore because they are so expensive to develop.
would you help her lose weight or distance yourself thinking she is not that attractive anymore?
if find after some time that you are not as attracted to someone physically and youve forgotten to pay attention to the other aspects of attraction and how they all play a role in your continuing attraction to your partner, then its quite likely youll think youre not into that person anymore, but truthfully, youve dropped the ball.
it obviously doesn't mean that you don't love your wife anymore, it just means that you don't find her attractive sexually.
is there something wrong with me if i don't find my wife physically attractive anymore?
its a gross and awfully disturbing process that really shouldnt be happening anymore.
why are today's horror movies just not scary anymore?
so, it's not really that horror movies aren't that scary anymore.
if you dont watch a lot of horror movies, then [insert platitude about hollywood getting too greedy to be creative anymore here].
i dont totally agree with the statement that horror movies arent scary anymore.
why arent horror movies scary anymore?
i think you answered your own question right there- they do not care anymore.
youre 13 and your context what to do with my life anymore doesnt add up.
no no.not anymore.students are bored of lectures.let them have self directed learning.
there certainly are teachers who dont teach anymore, but there are also a lot of teachers who are excellent and who do a great job.
what would happen if nobody worked on facebook anymore, and how long would the site keep going by itself?
), investors would reach the conclusion that fb isn't a wise investment anymore.
it is not that i don't love him anymore, it is that the intense feeling does not imprison me no more.
i can not love anymore if i don't love myself.
now the other things that might be going on for you if you dont love him anymore because the love between twin flames is automatic because it isnt 3d love its a soul love that spans time and dimensions it isnt boy meets girl and woohoo fairytale  it isnt like that at all .. gosh wish it was but im glad it hasnt been.
i know how it feels, there were i think two times when i thought: good, i don't love him anymore, but everything came back stronger that it almost drove me crazy.
i can honestly say i don't love mine like i used to anymore either.
i just don't care anymore if we ever reunite.
i feel the twin flame connection was just for growth but to say i desire reunion, i don't anymore because of how he's behaved.
i cant be true to myself and continue in that role anymore.
i need more from a man, i cant be a pursuer anymore or accept crumbs because it does not feel right anymorethat is why my feelings for him have gone numb.
my understanding is that they are still played for sometimes among adults in niche nerdy circles, in the dungeons & dragons / warhammer type workshops, but you dont see the regular kid on the street playing with them anymore, and likely havent done so for about 20 years.
but todays kids are limited to their house.that elvish behavior, naughtiness and innocence has somehow gone, they dont act their age anymore!
but they werent funny anymore.
as other posters have said, hes still getting work, but hes just not as visible or relevant anymore.
why don't people use orkut anymore?
this isnt a sarcastic response, im just being completist in 2017: people dont use it anymore because it no longer exists.
the salesperson mentioned that a lot of salespeople don't even know how to drive stick anymore.
why cant i get a car equipped with just basic options anymore in the usa?
sometimes i walk out of a liquor store with a six pack, and feel strange that i never get carded anymore.
t-shirts and jeans arent enough anymore.
posted via iphone or posted via android arent necessary anymore because facebook is now just one, unified app.
basically, facebook has developed so much that we don't need to know what device you have anymore.
i used to come up with excuses, by myself, for them not replying or not giving me enough time anymore which resulted in my mind being inundated with the maybes  maybe he/she is busy with some work, maybe they are in a bad mood, maybe there might be something urgent that they could not reply.
the overwhelming notion of not wanting to live anymore is a sign that we need help.
so yes, it would be bad to not live anymore especially to those closest to you not even mentioning friends.
its fine that you don't like coding anymore.
but hey, its not a problem: just stop watching movies and give me all your dollar bills and you wont be in any danger anymore.
feeling that you dont want to live anymore is non-permanent.
i have struggled with the "not wanting to live anymore' feelings for decades.
in him, you can gain the victory over not wanting to live anymore by receiving jesus payment for your sin, entering in and claiming the victory he has already won for you by his death and resurrection from the dead.
but still i love her and some time when i got back to situation i just give me a reminder that she's not going to come back for you anymore.
i'm in love with someone who's not in love with me anymore.
that's why, even if we aren't together anymore, i always pray and wish the best for him.
after that, he said that wed be better not to talk anymore..i gracefully accepted, knowing that hes already with someone else as well.
while i know that it takes a lot more than love to make a marriage last, what is going to last a lot longer is the regret that you will feel should you do something that is this big and you really don't want to anymore.
is quora not allowing any creative credentials anymore?
you wont ask the person why they dont love you anymore.
he's probably stuck in the trap that a lot of people get into, where they only want something until they have it, and once they have it, they don't want it anymore.
you ugly fat whale, i dont love you anymore good bye!
but why do you say that youre not attracted to her anymore?
i do not wish to be myself anymore.
so, people dont tip anymore to break that system.or they just dont have the money or are cheap.one of those three reasons.
seriously,when does a person thinks he doesnt want to live anymore apart from the part i mentioned first?
if you do not want to live anymore make sure:you have great life insurance, so when you leave you have the proper burial.
let them know that you don't love them because if you did, you wouldn't entertain the not being here anymore and you have no where to go, no aspersions in life, no goals to consider and no plan in place to for a vision board or list to check off what your next steps would be to escape where you are right now!
question is, why don't you want to live anymore, when there are people that you have to take care of and love?
in that sense then we are constantly seeing things that dont exist anymore.
history is just history, that doesn't exist anymore but we can know about it, learning books.
gladly, i don't have this issue anymore.
it doesnt get that much press anymore.
based on my knowledge, kakashi does not use his sword anymore.
you could just go with simple answers like he didnt wanna use it anymore or he got good with kunai so he started using those
someway or somehow you have crossed that forbidden zone of i cannot trust your anymore.
basically there are two types in im done/ i don't want this anymore.
we are going to be left with a society where the owners of corporations don't need people anymore.
so if you are in the habit of rewriting your sentences in order to avoid split infinitives, you can save time and effort by not doing that anymore.
to the extent people dont recognize split infinitives anymore, its likely due to the long decline in the use of diagramming as a tool for teaching grammar.
were more likely to hear i am not a friend of yours anymore or i am not your friend anymore (telling me that youve removed yourself from my list of friends i possess and/or indicating a change in our relationshipeven these two examples are slightly different in their meaning, and could be affected by the context of who is ending the relationship).
but to answer your specific question, i am not a friend to you anymore is also correct if you are describing an action/ decisionannouncing that you are changing your relationship to the other person.
also, in american english anymore is accepted as a single word.
it would be more straightforward to say, youre not my friend anymore or i dont want to be your friend anymore.
i'm not your friend anymore
i am not your friend anymore.
im not your friend anymore.
he isnt the pastor at my church anymore, because my church went through another shake-up in which he lost the job, of no fault of his own, so now he is looking for another job (he owns his own business but doesnt bring in enough revenue for him to live the life that he wants) to help increase his income so he can get the divorce from his wife, whom he barely communicates to outside of getting bills paid.
he loves me, and i know that he does but i can no longer be in this relationship anymore.
personally, i don't see us being compatible for one another anymore and i would like for us to move forward with our lives.
why kids dont walk to school anymore?
you are definitely able and at liberty to not care anymore.
but i have moved on and i dont have any feelings anymore.
i thoughtthe nuns say that jesus changed this so it must not matter anymore!.
how do i become bold, so that others will not take advantage of me anymore?
how do i become bold, so that others will not take advantage of me anymore?
i quit chess, as i couldnt find a reason for playing chess anymore.
and puths answer to a fans query about that was - cause we dont talk anymore
my brain can't handle stress anymore.
if youre constantly stressed out, it is possible that your brain is not able anymore to cope correctly with your daily routine.
it's not about the story anymore.
it's just a different society anymore.
why are there no book series phenomena like harry potter anymore?
just be as sure as you can first that you dont want to be a teacher anymore.
so you end and know you dont want it anymore: because it was abusive.
you are not creative anymore maybe because you have lost trust in yourself, maybe because some of your efforts have not provided you the results you deserved.
why doesnt wheat grow in that field anymore?
3 months in, you arent losing weight anymore and arent getting stronger.
not so much anymore.
my family, friends, treat me like one, strangers actually think im a kid (i look the same as i did when i was 12) so thats part of why im not sad that im not a kid anymore.
the frog keeps adjusting its body temperature with the increasing temperature of the water.. just when the water is about to reach boiling point, the frog cannot adjust anymore.. at this point the frog decides to jump out..
tell her youre sorry but your heart isnt in this anymore and that its better for the both of you if you just end this here instead of dragging it forever.find new paths and things that actually make you happy :)
if you dont love her anymore, tell her right away.
i would say ., tryna talk on why u don't love her anymore ., maybe u ain't aware about the reality and having misconceptions ..!
there isnt a single part of the brain that we dont use anymore.
we do, however, have organs that we dont use anymore.
in this case, it was necessary to tell her i do not want to be your friend anymore.
now, back to the friend who i dont feel close to anymore.
trust me z shadow hacker is a real hacker and its a fake news that it doesn't work anymore.
as to why its not in use anymore i suspect that is entirely to do with there being more sophisticated ways to recognize your own vehicles from the air nowadays, although that doesnt always work.
if you truly do not want it anymore, then that is fine, too.
why are you not good at this anymore?
if you don't like that activity anymore  yes, of course.
how long would humanity survive if no one could have children anymore?
and there are bucket full things which i do as a kid till now and also which makes me realize that am not a kid anymore.
do not wonder anymore, its painful and frustrating, i know it for sure.
question: i can't take it anymore, the absence of a meaning in life is driving me crazy.
if hes explained to you why he doesnt want the relationship anymore, respect it and let him have his space and move on with your own life.
as you wrote anymore, so i assume you could see the statuses previously.
after the integration of these machines and algorithms into the industry, the humans skills in market making do not exist anymore and has been replaced by computers able to calculate 15000/20000 operations/second, so good part of your job time is spent monitoring computers staggering these algorithms making sure they don't screw up.
how long before religion doesn't exist anymore?
how long before religion doesn't exist anymore?
there's no value in it anymore.
the thing that makes humans not animals anymore are some humans deciding to define the terms human and animal using wholly arbitrary criteria that allow for the assertion that one is no longer including among the other.
although i think it is not possible to just cut people off, here are signs that a friend doesn't want to be friends anymore
if he/she does not care anymore about your problems, does not care if you have fun or not, if he/she does not want to go for a walk or have fun together!
if he/she does not ask you personal questions anymore it means she has not interest in you anymore.
they dont call you to hang out anymore.
because theres no kingdom of england anymore, simply put, and there might never again be one, too.
to be honest, even then its a bit murky because he was also king of ireland so does it really count as only england anymore?
how can we believe any polls anymore?
original question: how can we believe any polls anymore?
life is something worth living, even if it seems to get bland or not worth it anymore.
dude if you don't want to live anymore or let's say you don't have any reason to live anymore that means you are already dead.
by your question, namely the concept of not having any emotions anymore, i will assume that you once experienced care and a desire to live.
because it's not style vs style anymore.
the gracies can't dominate the ufc anymore not only because of age, but because of evolution of mixed martial artists, and lots of fighters, one specifically, nate diaz, have utilized an unorthodox fighting style that can go head to head with a technical fighter i.e, conor mcgregor.
he had a terrible childhood, school life, marriage, became famous only to have people call him out because of his skin color, his best friend was killed, almost died from drug overdose, had to re-teach himself how to rap and preform, had to deal with people saying he couldn't rap anymore, and stress from running a record label.
the thing that he doesn't smile anymore is not true.
with that went the need for a radio operator and as most tanks had a coaxial machine gun (many still do) the hull machine gun wasnt needed anymore.
don't ask yourself why punk is not popular anymore.
i decided right there and then that i was not going to do science anymore: if i couldnt do it in an academic way, and i had no desire to go back into academia, i had not interest in doing it at all.
coming back to your question, why can't i fall in love anymore?
i just dont see it anymore.
you do not need to say anymore is incorrect, because anymore means any longer (in british english) or in the recent or present period of time (in american english).
the issue with anymore is related to the issue with words like anyway, anytime, and sometimeeach of them can be written as one or two words (though the principles involved are not the same with all these constructions).
one answer that i think causes confusion is the suggestion that anymore (one word) is an adverb of time.
it is used as an adverb, but it would be clearer - more specific - to say that anymore means currently, at the present time, these days, as in we dont do that anymore.
q: which is right, any more or anymore?
you don't need to say anymore."
instead, anymore (or any more) is used to qualify the verb say.
hence, the right sentence is: you don't need to say anymore.
i dont buy shoes anymore because i dont need any more shoes.
note that anymore qualifies the verb buy, whereas any more is telling us that you need zero shoes (a number).
you will never again doubt your ability to distinguish between anymore and any more.
so, why bother with the single word anymore?
anymore- adverb; means any longer, to any further extent
ex: he does not follow up with me anymore; he didnt seem to have any more pain though during the last consultation.
you don't need to say anymore.
is correct wherein anymore is used as an adverb.
which is right, any more or anymore?
you don't need to say anymore."
the question was - which is right, any more or anymore?
you don't need to say anymore."
part of the issue is that any more and anymore can both be correct - its how you use the.
we both know she doesnt love me anymore.
 i dont like to see you anymore!
but, anymore is also an alternative form of any more, too, in many occassions.
but in any case, if you suddenly dont want to be alive anymore then find out what caused it and try to fix it, do whatever you want right now.
i do not want to live in the united states anymore for the rest of my life.
as you said you do not love him anymore, it means you loved him once.
when you say you don't love him anymore, the real question is did you love him till now and with time the feelings are vanquished or is it that you have found someone more better than him and u dont have any interest left in your old love?
so i wont give the tag bff anymore.
starbucks didn't pay for the advertisement anymore probably.
there is no way unfortunately to delete messages that you sent to them, so they cannot see it anymore.
and who says you cant improve myself anymore?
and who says you cant improve myself anymore?
once you start with good intent , won't require regrets anymore in near future.
they will always walk way until they cannot walk away anymore and have to settle for less in time to come.
it maybe that, he's not so in love with you anymore, or doesn't see you as the future part of his life, thinks you people aren't compatible any more that's made him lose his feelings for you or maybe it could be that he's found someone better (he thinks so) that's making him give out this reason for a breakup.
and i dont have to deal with it anymore!
i am glad i dont have to compromise on things anymore due to lack of money.
every now and then someone will ask me to help them with their windows-based computer, and i dont even know where to begin with it anymore.
why isn't the guillotine method used anymore for capital punishment?
mostly because people can't stomach it anymore.
why isn't the guillotine method used anymore for capital punishment?
the main reason the guillotine isnt used anymore is the same reason that lethal injection is virtually the only method of execution still employed in the united states: appearance.
why isn't the guillotine method used anymore for capital punishment?
record label is a kind of wrong term these days as it doesn't describes the job anymore.earlier days, a label was a brand and a label was standing for a specific type of music, so consumers knew, that music from a specific label was most likely fits their personal music taste (think motown records for soul music and a typical motown sound).
as recordings can't produce a reasonable roi anymore, labels became more a kind of shareholder in the artist, participating on all income streams including merch, touring, publishing and endorsement deals.
do you go to church anymore?..im 63 and have attended christian churches off and on for most of my lifehere in the uk most of the churches are simply religious monuments attended to by salaried employeesthe average attendance of roman catholic churches appears to be around 40 and the average attendance of protestant churches seems to be about 25- in towns with populations in the tens of thousands..the wage-paid clerics insist that their churches are highly active religious centers in which god does great things.
not able to cry anymore is nit necessarily an abnormality.
the turnout at the polls might suggest that neither party is a national one anymore.
these seo strategies doesnt work anymore:
and for whatever reason, you don't feel like doing this anymore.
will there be a day when all the melodies are used and no new music can be created anymore?
signs you shouldn't trust someone anymore when:
don't schools teach physics anymore?
in these circumstances i can understand why the child doesnt want to see their parent(s) anymore.
people dont care about freedom anymore because they reject the sovereignty of the individual.
why isn't srk karan johars favourite anymore?
its not that srk is not karans favourite anymore.
however, what i think trump implies when he evokes that france is not france anymore is that our country is composed of more and more foreign people, considering some of the things he has said about immigrants.
i mention this because trump is not the only one to think that france is not france anymore, but candidate(s) in france as well.
to sum up, i think that trump is wrong when he says france is not france anymore, because he implies it in the wrong manner: immigrants have taken over france.
but we seldom give each other butterflies with our sweet gestures anymore because weve been experiencing these gestures for almost ten years.
i could not continue to hang out with them anymore.
people arent building grand-old buildings anymore, were building up, for density and speed and cost-effectiveness.
since you used the word anymore in your question, it sounds like there used to be a time in your life that you actually felt like you knew yourself well.
i didn't dream anymore.
personally, i dont swing dance much anymore because after *counts on fingers* twelve or thirteen years of swing dancing, a stylistic sea-change swept through st. louis and overturned a lot of old teaching practices.
fewer ballrooms though, people dont go in for them much anymore.
but, perhaps your question as to why nobody dances swing anymore may be best answered by the fact that hollywood lately hasn't been producingor rather, marketingmany films which showcase swing dancers (although i think there's a small cameo of lindy hop or balboa in lala land ;)
"why don't people use pistol duels anymore in the united states?"
why don't people use pistol duels anymore in the united states?
unlike the other answers here, i don't disagree with the premise of the question; americans just don't listen to classical music anymore.
if a narcissist doesnt want you anymore, count your lucky stars.
on march 20, as part of the new anonymity experience, in order to make an answer not anonymous anymore, you will have to delete the answer and repost it as a public answer.
with modern fuel injection, crank-fired ignition and processor controlled engine management, modern cars dont do this anymore.
most cars dont backfire anymore.
i still love all those people, some of them even love me still: i just dont need or want to live with them anymore.
what should i say or do to someone who says he doesnt believe in god anymore?
original question: what should i say or do to someone who says he doesn't believe in god anymore?
what should i say or do to someone who says he doesn't believe in god anymore?
commitment is a big deal now and nobody wants to get into it anymore.
we want happiness but only for short time with individual ppl, the day the same person starts troubling you..you don't want it anymore.
now suits are reserved for attorneys in court, presidential candidates in debates, job interviews, weddings and funerals (and not so much anymore in the latter two).
so, why do you think scholars will stay on quora and waste their time anymore, they will simply walk away.
trump was correct when he pointed out the us rarely wins anymore.
once you loosen up and start accepting emotional barriers will not challenge you anymore!
i believe that i have dealt with enough in my 23 years and that i do not need to live in constant fear of being hit, touched, manipulated or yelled at anymore.
they are currently in serious trouble with their health: their liver doesnt work properly anymore, and they have problems breathing.
they seldom play with it anymore and they want something new.
i held for too long and i decided that i couldn't take anymore of this.
and if you really do not love her anymore, everytime you tell her you love her i think you are a dick.
you are 'not' attracted to her anymore, which means that something happened which drifted you away from her, but what?
but what if you get engaged to another girl and after sometime you aren't attracted to her anymore either?
so there eave been times where someone met someone and they kinda liked them and then decided they didn't want to be with them anymore ( usually another person is involved honestly ) and they go off with the other person and think they're over the other person , and then after a while they find out they really love that person they left behind.
what you must do is when she says she had feelings, but not anymore is to find out why she lost those feelings.
i still like him, but i know that there is a 0% chance that we would ever be together, so im not hopeful anymore.
i regret so much of the wrong things i did to him when he was next to me, but there isnt a point of regretting anymore.
i am sure he would tell you if he wasn't interested anymore
it kills you everyday to realize that she isnt with you anymore.
that may mean ask if she does not really want to be friends anymore.
i have never left anyone, friend or lover without trying to talk, negotiate, communicate and in the end be extremely clear about why we are not hanging out anymore.
i remember one friend who was angry i wouldnt talk to him anymore but i had tried more then 20 times to talk to him about what was wrong but he refused.
i agree with people that tell you the relationship is over, only because you said your girlfriend doesn't love you anymore and it sounds like you both argue a lot.
did you ask her why she is "not in love with you anymore", usually that's not a sentence that would be heard over dinner or a date, find the reason why she is feeling that way and whether she is feeling insecure about something or maybe a certain situation happened and she has this reaction, you can't make up your mind based on one sentence without taking the context of such a sentence has been mentioned in into consideration as you'd be looking at half the picture and basing your judgement upon it rather than making judgement over a full picture with both sides having an opinion.
discuss why she isn't loving you anymore and how it happened, this session between you and her is about finding a solution for the situation you're in rather than pointing fingers and saying you've done me wrong, keep the end goal on the dashboard meaning; keep your brain in the mindset that you'd want to solve this misunderstanding instead of following the negative emotions that poison any relationship, keep it simple, basic and a civilized discussion as such discussion could end up to be an emotional discussion rather than a discussion that is focused on finding solutions, no matter how emotional this discussion becomes pull it back to be on the solving path rather than cumbersome emotional path.
the other questions have more or less answered it right, but i want to add another reason: because wars arent worth it anymore.
you need body armor, you need soup for you troops because foraging does not worth it anymore(goodluck with finding cattles in or around modern day baghdad), and if your food isnt good enough expect your troops to defect in huge number.
and i don't know what you mean by anymore last 10 years?
i guess she was lamenting the lack of men with skills anymore.
add to that the public school systems (and many parents) total inability to make a rational decision about anything, thus keeping kids wrapped in bubble wrap until theyre 20 or 30, and you can see why people believe nobody can do things anymore: they cant because they are actively discouraged from learning how.
so, what i dont want to see anymore?
thats why i dont want to see anymore of this motherfucking dumbass community of people who are manipulated by other selfish, deceiving sons of bitches and yet they dont realize it and they support them.
i dont want to see indian news channel anymore.
i would like to not see anymore subhuman low iq scum harming: animals, children, women.
if the pregnancy was accidental and you feel you dont love her anymore you need to tell her while she still has options because at the moment she thinks everything is great shes got a fella that loves her and will be by her side supporting her plus a baby on the way to make a family .
why aren't men (ages 21-28) romantic anymore?
why dont boys ever call anymore?
you asked: why aren't men (ages 21-28) romantic anymore?
why dont boys ever call anymore?
it is hard to find a romantic partner; gender has not a lot to do with that, and the suggestion that men are not romantic anymore while women such as yourself are, really is borderline misandrist.
why did judaism survive, yet no one worships baal anymore?
but you can't verify your paypal account anymore with payoneer virtual bank.
no, you cannot use payoneer in paypal for any kinds of purposes anymore.
you cannot link your virtual payoneer bank account to paypal anymore.
why is vanellope not cute anymore?
what exactly did you see that made you think vanellope isnt cute anymore?
thats whats called not giving a f*ck anymore.
you say anymore so you must have feeling for others before
bad experience taught him to let go off anything/anyone,anymore.
in the books, it is because the mountain has no head anymore.
i think what you're asking is why don't people think of anything important anymore?
waitwhat do you mean movies dont end anymore?
what is a good reason to stick around this world anymore?
what is a good reason to stick around this world anymore?
i know what im talking about because im in the same boat and so is many others feeling the same wayim totally out of steam and not enough steam to want me to work hard anymore.
many of people only think about themselves lately, maybe thats why you feel theres no true love anymore.
theyre inconsistent, ignore segments at times and just arent captivating with their storylines anymore.
i dont buy the pg excuse anymore.
we dont fear that from russia anymore so there is no reason to hate.
well, ask yourself why you are not attracted to him anymore.
if you cant then it is time to move on and not waste anymore or your or his lives.
here is something i would say if a person says  i dont feel you love me anymore:
i don't have to read anymore.
she was an honor student that had no idea how to cook even ramen noodles, there is no home economics class anymore.
she didn't know how to change a tire, or oil, how to check the plugs, oil level, belts, filter or other fluid levels on a carthere is no shop class anymore.
math was common core and we don't need math anymore outside school.
i can't stand these shows anymore, you wouldn't too if you'd seen what i'd seen.
it isn't a viable means of commerce anymore, and yet, in the small print on nearly every commercial and print ad today, it remains as a reminder of the past:
i live in romaniaamongst friends and acquaintances, cash on delivery isnt all that popular anymore since its seen as inconvenient, but the option is there at least 90% of the time.
i dont know of anybody who does that anymore, but i frequently see advertisements on late-night tv that say, sorry, no cods, so there must be people still trying to order that way.
but the best way to discern if they are not interested anymore is when you break up.
if they left they are most definitely not interested anymore.
if theyre having sex with other people right away, definitely not interested anymore.
thats how they are not interested in you anymore.
the question is what do you do when writing isnt fun anymorewell, i personally just stop writing, but continue to take notes of ideas that i find interesting.
feel so tired and just dont care anymore could be interpreted as deep frustration but maybe in actuality a mask for depression.
there is no such thing as grind through the just don't care anymore.
once you make it to just dont care anymore you've already given up on happiness and accepted suffering and unhappiness.
crying until i just can't cry anymore.
why does no one believe god is real anymore?
she wrote back saying she didn't want to be friends anymore because she was used to being around people who made her "feel more than, rather than less than".
how would you feel if a friend called you out of the blue and said they don't want to be friends anymore?
she told me i wasn't cool enough anymore to be her friend.
she : i don't love you anymore !
friend: i don't love you anymore.
mom: i don't love you anymore.
dad: i don't love you anymore.
sister: i don't love you anymore.
random stranger on the road: i don't love you anymore.
professor: i don't love you anymore.
let me better get going before you say you don't love me anymore.
is there anymore to be said, really?
the use of anymore implies that fish oil, more specifically omega-3 fatty acids and dha, used to protect against heart disease, but for some reason, stopped doing so.
how do you know when youre not in love anymore?
you no longer feel like you can talk to them, there is just this emptiness, this void of space because you dont know what to say anymore.
you dont feel like you matter anymore.
you know youre not in love anymore when youre out-of-love.
it's not measurable.if you judge or evaluate that when you are over loving someone,you never loved .you just adjusted your emotional balance by defining it as a love for someone.but as soon as you found out that you are emotionally stable or you have options or you have completely saturated the person who loved you truly you feel you are not in love anymore.
you say you dont talk anymore, but it sounds like you still wish to remain on good terms?
it's almost like you don't have a right to be a conservative anymore.
it's almost like you don't have a right to be a conservative anymore.
example: its almost like you dont have a right to be a conservative anymore.
it's almost like you don't have a right to be a conservative anymore.
as its said sometimes a scar leaves a permanent mark so the person has seen so much is so habitual to get hurt that he doesn't cares anymore
i largely agree with lees answer below in that human is technically synonymous with homo sapiens and someone becomes a different species when they cant breed with the original species anymore.
at the same time at which a non-technologically enhanced human is not human anymore, at the point at which their empathy, sense of ethics and belonging to humanity are compromised.
that's the only way to make sense because anymore implies he was but is no longer cute.
hes not so cute, anymore would make sense.
(e.g we dont have to sign credit card purchases, anymore.
but to tell the truth, thats our family joke: its your problem anymore.
or hes not so cute anymore.
the common usage of the word anymore is in a negative phrase.
for example: he isnt cute anymore!
this usage is called positive anymore:
positive anymore - wikipedia
positive anymore (yale)
he wasnt cute in the past, but hes so cute anymore.
when he/she doesn't try anymore to give it a shot.
he or she might not find your company, anymore enchanting as they used to do before.
this is the way you know that a person does not love you anymore.
is cnn even worth watching anymore as someone with no political affiliation?
they are the we hate trump, all the time network anymore.
for the most part, one thing will usually be constant: the guy wont do it anymore.
after two years he let his command know he didn't want to do it anymore.
he doesnt do it anymore.
i think we train ourselves not to see them anymore.
why aren't we seeing ghosts anymore in today's world?
reincarnation is not possible anymore.
so i left her alone for 3 months and after 3 months, i tried contacting her again and now she wont talk to me anymore
i could have taken her back, mlc and all... the lying adulterous ***** that i still love, and can't save anymore.
i found myself marching out the fridge and loudly shouted to a half empty warehouse i can't deal with his fucking shit anymore!
what was your "i can't handle this shit anymore" moment?
i cant take this shit anymore!
that was the moment i thought within myself i cant handle this shit anymore
its not dead in japan yet, there it still has a market via psp and android, but they dont make big titles anymore.
but i have no faith in the american system anymore it is not practical that to protect my values and rights i must vote for donald trump.
once you write down what is fun then move on to analyse what has changed in the period where you felt life is not fun anymore?
nothing can surprise me anymore.
i didnt really wanna read about dinosaurs anymore.
in regard to what i never do anymore, one thing, i thankfully never do anymore, is allow anyones opinion of me to change how i feel about myself.
i would say not so much anymore.
so why he cannot sleep with you even e doesnt love you anymore?
a man can sleep with a woman even love is not there anymore.
pissed because its their job to control you and youre not letting them do that anymore!
pissed that you are not living your life for them anymore.
even though they took a world class shit on your head, probably many times over before you made the madness stop by going no contact, they are pissed that you do not feel they are the most important, needed, loved and admired person in your life anymore!
the one polint is when an used car does not see a decrease in value anymore.
by the year 2040 anymore.
i cant love anymore how old are you, 106?
"do radar detectors work anymore..."
the last 5 star general was omar bradley, and we retired the rank after he died because we just didn't need the rank anymore.
when she said she doesn't like you as a man anymore, she probably means she has lost respect for you as her romantic partner.
whew thats brutal if she said doesnt like you as a man anymore.
there is also something called reward-output visual processing, which means, basically, that youre not getting anything out of what youre studying anymore, and youre bored by looking at it.
the unfortunate truth is that the bands you mentioned aren't that relatable anymore because of lack of promotion and because music has changed a lot since then, people's music tastes have changed too, it's been found that music that you listen to as a child will affect your music tastes as an adult, although many other factors also come in to play.
computers and the internet have allowed us to watch, listen and play things on demand, therefore we do not have to wait to get something we want anymore, resulting in a shift on how we take in information.
complex music isnt popular anymore because it takes more than thirty seconds to listen to a complex song and even begin to understand it.
taking decisions on my own, living alone, and wanting to prove myself to the world when i stepped inside a a realm where competition prevailed were some of the things that i could relate to not being young anymore.
after seeing something like that and having to grow up helping my mom and two siblings, i realized i couldn't afford to be a kid anymore
i realised there was nobody to cook me those home made meals anymore.
now could i be anymore clichd?
the process of not wanting to do things anymore is a symptom, is a symptom of depression but is usually caused by an underlying problem.
why are you not using quora anymore?
do people even go on dates anymore?
will humanity fail as nobody believes anybody anymore?
do you mean to ask why they dont say it as often as they used to or why dont as many people use it anymore?
but as people then came to believe that they didnt need god anymore, or for some god didnt exist, they decided to take a chance and exclude god from their lives hoping against hope (or gambling) that there was no heaven or hell.
i think with people in general not just women but men also we have grown into a society where a lot of people just act how they want and take no responsibility for it anymore.
you see a world that exists, as does reality tv, but it is a segment and does not under any circumstances warrant the presumption or accusation that women arent classy anymore.
it is not the issue of pokemon go not being popular anymore because it still is!
most people who did play the game do not anymore, because they do not know the pokemon franchise and are not a true fan of the games.
pokemon go is not as popular anymore because theres a few people who were not happy with the tracker getting broken and even with them creating a new tracker some people just arent that happy with the new tracking system additionally the u.s. is in its winter season which limits how much walking one can do with their phone.
i don't think it's not popular anymore, it's just levelled out a bit, like most games do after the initial release.
well, there are a lot of reasons that we dont have battleships anymore.
don't attempt to live happily when nothing matters to you anymore because it will only get worse.
what makes you unhappy and realize that nothing matters anymore?
that day i knew i was not a teen anymore.
why is religion not a priority anymore for most people these days?
if you are merely looking at more developed regions such as east asia, europe and usa (also australia) maybe youd be right in thinking that people dont really take religion seriously anymore.
after a certain point, more and more citizens will actively tune out the sources of the noise and the sources will be scratching their heads and asking each other why doesnt anyone listen to use anymore?
your boyfriend respected you enough to be honest about his feelings and intentions, there's nothing wrong with you, he just doesn't think he loves you in the romantic sense anymore and he wants to give you a heads up, so that you'll move on with your life and you two can both move on to something else.
there's no point in being with someone who doesn't have romantic feelings for you anymore.
a2a - why is life so unfair i don't want to live anymore?
but there is hope, god gave you this life for a reason, so even thought i dont know why you dont want to live your life anymore, why you feel like life is unfair, i still believe god has a plan for your life.
why is nobody talking about php anymore?
it's possible that you don't connect anymore as people.
most of the friends weren't not anymore my friends after the school ended.
that fear was the reason why we don't talk anymore.
when and where did you get this idea (generalization) that young people dont want a long relationship anymore?
when you dont want to make the effort in people anymore, people usually respond to in kind.
we don't need anymore.
so if every person who thinks that nothing interests them anymore, that they don't have a person in life dies, then i think that rest of the people will be much better off.
it's not that you don't feel love for him anymore, you are just not able to believe that you are loving him even then.
this isnt a case of anymore and nowadays (the herding call of conservative people everywhere).
are "countries" relevant anymore?
i truly understand, and it is one of the insidious problems of having chronic pain, this the business of not wanting to talk about it anymore to people who especially want to move on in conversation with their lives.
so i had to learn to stop talking about me anymore, unless they ask; its just not worth putting it out there for them to stomp on you.
if the people around you dont want to hear it anymore, then find some people who get it.
what would happen if humans couldnt kill each other anymore?
sometimes you just have to accept the fact that people don't need you anymore in their life.
my friendship with this friend of mine is not the same anymore he is always busy with his family, he doesnt acknowledge our friendship it seems he made his family to core of his mind.
who deserts you or decides you just arent their thing anymore?
yeesh, i've only just read your question and i don't like you anymore.
the main advantage of the tesla turbine is probably relative ease of manufacture w/o blades, which isnt an issue anymore.
you can just email, call or tell your psychiatrist face to face by simply telling them i don't want to see you anymore or in any way you like.
he actually brought it up and said he observed the progress and asked if i needed him anymore.
just tell him it's not personal, but you don't honestly want the attention of a psychiatrist anymore an it's time to try handling things yourself by utilizing the thought processes an social personal skills you learned from him.
the younger generation didn't think it was cool anymore, so it was phased out of the culture.
if he or she broke up with you, that means they don't want you anymore.
why is the current india not the 1962 india anymore?
i think the answer that question is we are all so busy on her phones we don't have time to talk to one another in person anymore.
if you mean people that's currently in your life, probably because you don't feel relevant anymore, or you're just going through a rebellious phase in which you think nobody understands you (those emo kinda stuffs).
i used to love jrpgs and videogames in general, but i can't bring myself to play any game anymore.
it's not that i don't like them anymore, i just can't find the will to play them.
i don't even know how i feel about myself and about all this s**t anymore.
tl;dr: i'm bored to death, nothing excites me anymore and i'm not motivated to do anything about my life.
we dont sit in trenches anymore, warfare is mobile, you dont sit in a trench and spray people, we get up and move.
what kind of design cant you do anymore?
how long have you felt that he doesnt love you anymore?
he doesnt like fnaf or happy wheels anymore and he wont play them.
it doesnt exist anymore.
the reason for this is that, in general relativity, there is no universal reference frame for time against which you can make the judgment as to whether or not something still exists or does not exist anymore.
change your life if your present life isn't fun anymore.
most people dont drive convertibles anymore because of many reasons.weather conditions is one of them.why buy a drop top when it rains almost everyday?also they're usually heavier(due to the mechanics to remove and place back the roof), more expensive(repairs and everything), slower(since the top half of the cars aerodynamics are gone for the sake of no roof), less agile, and a bit less safe than non-convertibles(a piece of cloth will not protect you in a roll over).its rather difficult to make a convertible version of a car look the same or even better than the standard model.the hardtop roofs are usually flat and awkwardly shaped.also its very inconvenient if your planning to use a convertible as a daily driver.soft tops are easier to break into since you basically have a huge piece of cloth for a roof that you can easily cut through(this method is called slash and grab by slashing your soft top open,grabbing your valuables and taking off without triggering the car alarm) ,and hard tops steal 90%+ of your trunk space when the top is down so either you go grocery shopping another time or forget about putting the top down.but i mostly dont like convertibles because of their awkward shaped top half.
why aren't convertibles as popular anymore?
are hardly in style anymore.
you feel as though, the excitement is no longer there even if they call or text you, you might just read their message on the screen and not even bother responding to it,you just avoid communication or even meetings,you always have excuses when they want to come over or to meet, you are just not interested in doing any thing with them.that's how you know, you do not wanna be friends with them anymore..
sure there might be fights and arguments but aside from that, if just hanging out with them makes you annoyed or mad, or just a whole bunch of negative feelings thats when people usually dont want to be friends anymore.
anyway, good thing to hear that china does not hate america anymore.
2.i can't get chinese hate usa anymore from the poll.
cows don't really have a natural habitat, and since we can't capture or keep them penned up anymore, they run rampant, and all the milk cows are completely miserable with no one milking them.
but what i think you're saying is that you don't feel anything anymore because of anxiety.
just thinking the thought i do not connect with anybody anymore creates the not connecting.
she obviously didnt do anymore performing until the infamous 2007 vma performance due to her being pregnant in 2005 and 2006.
post her hospitalization and her mental breakdown era, you can see that the movement was just not that anymore which i believe is because she just doesnt have the passion anymore.
its like she feels like she has nothing to prove anymore.
its no wonder she didnt have the passion and the determination to prove that she is the best anymore.
how do you invest so you dont have to work anymore?
i am truly sorry that you feel you dont want to eat anymore, perhaps a mental health professional is more of what you need than my advice.
eventually you won't be able to get out of bed.i suggest you talk to a doctor about why you feel that you don't want to eat anymore.
you do not want to eat anymore.
why don't i believe in god anymore?
if it was a friend, then they obviously don't want to be friends anymore.
if you were in a relationship, then they apparently don't want to be in a relationship anymore.
unless he has explicitly shown other signs he does not like you anymore, which also doesn't necessarily mean he doesn't like you, i wouldn't even consider it.
are there anymore big surprises in human evolution?
when we met, he seemed somewhat more relaxed and said he felt a bit better about his job, so he didnt think he needed therapy anymore.
in that moment, i decided that even though i loved him, i couldnt be there for him anymore.
depression can be a horrible, insidious condition - no one asks for it - ill always have compassion for my ex as i know he didnt choose to be afflicted with depression anymore than one would chose diabetes or a broken leg.
i'd go to the moon in a nanosecond - the problem is that we don't have the technology to do that anymore.
q: how come we don't have the technology to go to the moon anymore, as elon musk has said?
then the subject in not teached in schools anymore.
they don't anymore.
we used to be able to fly across the atlantic at supersonic speed, not anymore.
eg i love kfc but if i have it everyday i will no longer love it anymore and maybe even start to dislike it.
anyway anymore and ill be blabbering on
you also mention you dont get upset anymore.
smash-mouth football doesnt work very well anymore at the pro level.
i encourage you to speak (not text) to them, every one of them individually, and ask them why they dont talk to you anymore.
i believe this is because they dont see it as an accessory anymore.
commentators love spreading bold statements like nobody wears watches anymore, but the truth is that there has never been such interest for watches as a whole.
so, can someone truly say that nobody wears watches anymore?
you will remove an actor after his part is over or you will remove him if he is not anymore needed for the film.
i wont be coming to the classes anymore, sir., said the girl with a smile on her face, hiding the tears that formed as she gave up her passion.
question:why don't girls wear dresses anymore like in the past?
i dont read paper books anymore, i mostly read digital things.
the biggest indicators that your girl is not into you anymore would be:
what do you mean anymore?.
i have tried to suggest to clients to consider if they need to keep coming in to see me, but i avoid telling them directly that they dont need to come in anymore.
it feels like abandonment to be suddenly told you dont need to come in anymore.
umm do you mean when you make new friends, your old friends dont like you anymore?
you cant just move on, and not care anymore quicker then usual.
however, this was not the moment that made me realise i was not a kid anymore.
what made me realise i wasnt a kid anymore was the second time he had a seizure.
that was the time when i realised that i was not a kid anymore.
if i think i'm a god, does that mean i'm not an atheist anymore?
if i think i'm a god, does that mean i'm not an atheist anymore?
if i think i'm a god, does that mean i'm not an atheist anymore?
but if you feel you can simply go about smiting people down with thunderbolts, then yes, youre not an atheist anymore.
there are a lot of reasons for that..1.earlier sheldon was oblivious to social manners which generated a lot of humor but now he has become much like the others so its not funny anymore..2.howard was the funny one before and he was one of the main reason the show was funny but since mid season 7 he has matured drastically so as a result he is not funny anymore....3.i have started hating bernadette a little because earlier she was a cute sweetheart but now she has become a really bossy bitch who treats howard really badly...4.they have overplayed the raj being a metrosexual storyline ..he has gone from not talking to women to being a women..5.penny really really sucks...her hairstyle was already not liked by many...earlier we thought that leonard will never be able to get her but now i think that he can do way , way better than her ..yeah she is hot but their marriage can't possibly go the distance..they are completely opposites and we know that opposites attract but they don't go the long distance..6.the show has been confirmed to go till the 10th season atleast which means assured income for the actors and the rest of the team so they have seemed to stop trying...the only good thing about the show are amy and leonard ....leonard was already the best character but amy has shown tremendous character development ,from being a penny follower or we can say penny's ass kisser to being a really likeable and a highly mature person...i like the way she handles sheldon and i might even dare say that i like their relationship more than leonard and penny although i like leonard in that relationship..she also showed her acting provess in the vegas episode where she did some great acting also in the episode where leonard and amy go to that zombie room i really liked that episode...imo the sixth season was the best season of this series.
sure the puns are not that sharp anymore.
i've respectfully declined each time, as i know i wouldn't be very much fun to date anymore, but i can absolutely understand why men might avail themselves of these opportunities and not put in any effort.
do people say excuse me anymore?
if that person is not in love with you anymore then you should ask yourself, why should i chase after someone who doesn't appreciate me?!
in other word, being with her is not thrilling anymore.
or she might go heavy metal: oh, you dont love me anymore, you have somebody else, just admit it!
em.. sorta because think about it, if you dont care about life anymore, that means you dont care about everything that happens and must be done in life, including
that process is so hard and painful that the odds of you liking it anymore are very low.
is it normal that we don't find the game we develop entertaining anymore?
so once we reach the moon, after the first few apollo moon landings, congress realizes well russia isn't getting to the moon, so no need to fund this program anymore!
the simple answer to why star trek hasnt been on tv anymore is the fans itself and how they dissed the previous star trek shows by saying they hated them and then not watching them.
without that revenue circle to continue the logical thing to do was to cancel the series and then not air anymore star trek.
with over 40 million fans, why isn't star trek on tv anymore?
or, has she totally become someone different and youre just not feeling it anymore?
if you find you can't or don't love her anymore, then sit her down and let her know how you feel, and that you can't see yourself staying in this marriage.
what do you do if you're not attracted to your wife anymore?
he says he wants to be friends so he has the not an asshole clause covered, but he already has declared that the relationship is what is making him depressed and that he doesnt love you anymore.
if he doesn't wants to talk to you anymore he means that he is dying to talk to you.
family films like the ones youre thinking of arent made very often anymore because there is no need to.
kids dont even want to watch that stuff anymoreall they care about is the next superhero.
no, no one cares about life; not anymore, not now, not ever.
reason : it was not fun anymore.
there are some specific scenarios in which it may have sense to force yourself doing cp even if you dont want it - like when you are member of icpc team and you already agreed on deal about participating in current season, and you feel like you dont want to do it anymore and dont enjoy training and preparation for regionals/finals - it may be a hard moral decision to either do what you dont like to do and dont want to do or to break the deal and betray your teammates.
however, most of the questions like this come from different source: i dont want to do competitive programming anymore, yet ive been told that i will not find good job / become x10 programmer without it, what should i do?.
for me it is as clear as answer to i used to listen nirvana but i dont want to do it anymore.
it may seem puzzling when someone you perhaps love and trust says he doesn't want a relationship anymore.
the idea that hollywood doesnt make good movies anymore, given that, is partially a function of hollywood not adapting and innovating to the new culture.
but does hollywood make good movies anymore?
lauri donahue's answer to why doesn't hollywood make many good human dramas like good will hunting anymore?
well fortunately for you slightly depressed & dont know who i am anymore are good places to start exploring the reasons for it and for rediscovering yourself.
hi well i don't really understand what you mean by you don't know who you are anymore?
no widely used aircraft use a flight engineer anymore.
when they can't interbreed anymore that means they're separate species.
ql how much do species have to diverge to the point that they can't interbreed anymore?
not anymore.
in either case, he's not interested anymore, clearly.
dont waste anymore of your time on him.
it proves that you're financially independent and don't need their help on that front anymore.
you end things regardless of how he responds because you don't love him anymore and it is the right thing to do.
so my question is really, why arent there anymore bands like this?.
we have nothing to get excited about musically anymore and thats just sad.
the reasons that they don't invade anymore is because there is no need to.
there is no static myself anymore.
have you ever spent ages working for something, only to realize it was not going to be yours anymore?
it is against your heart that you say you don't love that person anymore.
i felt like even my reserves of energy were gone, like i was just too tired to fight anymore.
a lot of previous answers have ignored the specific parts of the question, what if and anymore.
if no one were commuting to work anymore, there would be no such thing as rush hour.
and there would be no more starbucks or mcdonalds anymore because no one was commuting to staff them.
i think it doesnt interest you anymore is because something is bothering you.
you want a divorce because you don't feel in love anymore?
throw in the fact that it only makes this decision after the period in your life to have kids has passed, and you have people that just dont want them anymore.
gays arent hiding in closets anymore, colored people arent waiting to shine your shoes, christianity is no longer the only option, etc.
where is the fact that they are not popular anymore?
maybe i even associate you to former problems i had, and it may be somehow unfair, but i think id rather not ee you anymore.
tell your friend the reason why you don't want to be friends anymore.
what was around in the 1990s that doesn't exist anymore, are the movie video stores that carried vhs & dvd stores near every neighborhood in every city in america.
also, record/music stores no longer exists anymore.
why aren't headphones loud anymore?
why aren't headphones loud anymore?
this girl is not interested in spending time with you anymore.
will not read anymore.
that time when i don't know who i am anymore, when i dreaded my life and my choices, i took a solo trip to us.
we don't think we can have a healthy conversation with our folks anymore.
after you are good, and listen to the song again, you don't feel all those emotions anymore.
or the other answer is that you listened so many sad music over the time, that you got used to it, and just simply dont cry anymore on those.
when he began trying to get involved in chaos cults, i let him find his own way, and he got disgustingly mutated, which meant he couldnt show his face in public anymore at risk of execution.
say im not having fun anymore because this isnt taken as seriously as i would like.
no, microsoft does not own nokia anymore.
you need to include more information as to the possible reasons why you think you are no longer attracted to real girls anymore.
i think the main reason no one plays music like classic rock anymore is because rock was a feeling more than anything.
a great deal of what we were told would happen under communism has actually come true under free democracy, so people have little hope in liberal capitalist republicanism to save them anymore.
oq: why aren't americans obsessed about communism and its connotations anymore?
communism is declining everywhere, no one is interested in this philosophy anymore.
original question: what will happen if countries do not exist anymore?
denis dimitri's answer to what will happen if countries do not exist anymore?
which means that almost all of the earlier genres have no function anymore in terms of modern context.
its a shakeout of sorts: there are very tiny personal blogs, there are big industrial-strength multi-author blogs, and theres not so much in between anymore.
the longer you leave it the harder it will become for you to do it, and the more unfair it will be for him not knowing that you do not love him anymore.
dont tell him you are not attracted to him anymore.
it is not working for me anymore, so i think it is time we end things.
if i cant be the best anymore youre sense of self seems to be defined by the affirmation of others.
you say that college isn't an option anymore, but i think that what you really mean is that you don't want to go to college yet.
if your parents can afford for you to do volunteer work, you're more likely to pick up a higher level of activity than you will if you're forced to work at a subway sandwich shop; and no matter what you do, it's going to be the kind of lowly work that's often done by those immigrants we don't want anymore, and for the same reason: a lack of education seriously limits your options.
maybe you dont feel guilty anymore because youre angry at god for something and feel justified in taking it out by not listening to him?
pradnya pandit's answer to is it part of the journey to not feel your twin flame anymore while separated and no contact?
i feel no connection anymore.
if you are not feeling your twin flame anymore, it is possible that the person is not your twin flame.
why is ocd not taken seriously anymore?
my boyfriend doesnt call or text me much anymore.
he is not interested anymore.
this isn't done by philosophers anymore.
you won't be bored and listless anymore.
you won't be trapped anymore.
why dont indian guys wear dhoti kurta anymore?
not anymore.
you have deadened those feelings you normally would feel because you have been hurt repeatedly or disappointed too often or experienced such trauma that makes it difficult to feel anything anymore?
after all the very feeling that you dont feel for anyone anymore is a feeling.
it depends on the height that your parents possess.talking in the case of genetics, you have inherited a good height but you cannot grow much taller as your body height stops after certain age.even if you provide sufficient milk daily the bone or so called ossification process or bone elongation process ceases after some years of puberty.hence for females the age til they grow is 18 maximum and males it is almost the same .so if you have attained puberty and if you are a teen then you cannot grow much because the inherited trait of height has reached to the maximum level and your bones of the body will not elongate anymore
what if i can't afford to care for my fish tank anymore?
if you cant afford to care for your fish anymore you have to find them a new home.
question: should i be upfront and tell her i dont want to talk to her anymore, or just keep ignoring her.
it`s a good question and i often wonder myself why we don`t see the traditional tongue anymore.
i asked her if she loved me anymore, to which she had no reply.
if he says he isnt attracted to you anymore then you have a starting point.
as you find things that click you'll probably start to find things that used to click but don't anymore.
goku wouldn't have had to depend on super saiyan anymore, something i didn't want to see anyways because he attained the power of the gods, so what's the point?
for future tense: i will not cry anymore.
for present tense: i don't cry anymore
you could say, i do hope to not cry anymore.
i will not cry anymore.
thank you for the question, why do we need the old testament anymore if jesus fulfilled it?
so, no, productivity doesnt necessarily mean youre not depressed anymore.
i cant eat, sleep, shower, do my hair, or leave the house anymore.
if i dont smoke bud, get blackout drunk, or abuse sleep meds, i dont even smile/laugh anymore.
you cant say anymore because there were never types of humans, unless you are talking about the psychiatric term for human behavior types - and were not sure about them either.
now if you are already appearing for 12th boards, i would suggest you do it in an honourable way and try to succeed.first please try to identify why you don't like to study anymore.
if someone doesn't love us anymore , he / she
that person will no longer want to be with you anymore and will find excuses not to talk to you.
no inside jokes, no excitement will be left anymore.
are the migs not competitive anymore?
i dont really believe in my religion anymore.
we dont fight wars in the same ways anymore.
formal grammar either isn't taught anymore (as it was once done in the past) or taught too much (as it wasn't done in the past).
i've kind of became addicted to my illness i'm not a professional in psychology or something but i think there could be two reasons why you don't hear them anymore.
on the other hand erdogan obviously has no interest in joining the eu anymore even if a significant portion of the turks are.
there is no place in the eu for turkey anymore.
also, in the course of time, i have seen the nth version of apparently all the story archetypes so many times that new versions of them rarely manage to transcend their template in my perception anymore, and so don't instruct or entertain me much.
it is because your immune system cannot fight desease anymore.
the organizations responsible for force-feeding us our slanted and deplorably controversy-inspiring news realized that those articles aren't getting as many views anymore.
will cars be not fun to drive anymore in 10 years?
when the last self love in you is gone due to all your sacrifice and his abuse,you will thrown away by him, because you are an exhausted wreck,depleted of energy,useless because you cannot give him anything anymore.
i just hate him pretending that nothings happened, i talked to him straight to the point that we already talked about it, i cant be his friend anymore and he doesnt get the point, he cant understand why we cant be friend, he told me he missed me.
i missed him too in my mind but i cant be friend to him because i know i will just hurt myself, maybe soon when im sure that i dont have feelings for him anymore, maybe one day :( .
why do i find that there is no point in answering questions anymore?
(this is why i do not help anymore the last few mouths)
i wish you asked this question like - depression so bad i cannot function anymore.
dont listen to it anymore.
on the other hand, there are other things you can remove from people so that they wont have sad lives anymore:
people dont take feminists seriously anymore because the newer generation of teens/ young adults really dont understand understand the principles of what feminism really is.
delta doesnt fly the dc-8 anymore, but that plane did not crash, and i am here to tell the tale.
we dont have great masterpieces from the likes of joyce and faulkner anymore.
the basic problem is that were too democratic, theres no respect for genius anymore; everyone feels themselves to be the equal of anyone else; so ultimately theres no audience for masterpieces anymore.
to the extent that there are any masterpieces being made anymore, they can be found in film, not literature.
perhaps it's not like it's used to anymore.
a sole proprietorship exists as long as the sole proprietor is alive (so they can be sued within the limitation period even if theyre not in business anymore).
people feel that they cant rely on any sources anymore, since all sources are now corrupt, and they have to build their realities from scratch themselves.
what the literal definition of moving on means is that you were used to doing something but due to change in scenario, you dont do it anymore which either could be doing some sort of activity or being with someone.
its still available, it just doesnt work that well anymore.
who told you that tubemate app is not available anymore?.
life as we all describe it in a million ways is a kind of test, and one part of the test is the practical question  how do u react when you feel it isn't worthy to live anymore?
if anyone think that life is not worth living anymore means they dont have anything to do in their life means they dont have any goals in their life.
this is not to say that he does not love you, but it is to say that he has grown into someone who is not the person who you married anymore, even though you might see your own self as being that same person who you were when you first married him.
germanys birth rate is also falling dramatically and is it because young germans do not fall in love anymore?
if i'm dating someone and they don't want to see me anymore, i'd believe them and move on.
the sun not shining anymore doesn't just mean we have cold weather.
used to be that being the richest but at the same time being the most endebted country on earth was seen as being powerful, not anymore.
used to be a time where america could boss his way around the world without any day of any other countries, not anymore.
used to be america, the land shining far away looking for dreamers to shape the future, not anymore.
are some americans feeling desperate that the usa is objectively not the greatest country anymore?
you are apt in saying that you dont want to work hard anymore.
why dont companies mass produce classic cars anymore?
its likely that crazy cars like the dodge hellcat series or other nutty extreme cars may have a following in a few decades, but people also may not care anymore.
to answer the question why dont people dress up anymore?
surprisingly enough there is a lot of 60s era hardware and manufacturing techniques that just arent around anymore.
this is the reasons you dont feel pretty anymore.
so, why isn't this popular anymore?
now to answer your question about why they dont make them anymore.
she doesnt pick he son up anymore.
if you want to say that she no longer holds her son, you want to say, she doesnt pick up her son anymore.
if you mean to suggest she no longer chooses her son for a particular task or social activity, you would say, she doesnt pick her son anymore.
the correct answet is  she doesnt pic her son up anymore.
on occasion we will feel trapped by clients we dont want to see anymore.
its not that guys dont like skinny girls anymore, everyone still swoons over skinny models, but right now its just more popular to talk about liking thick girls.
if you mean athletic girls with nice shaped body, or simply normal girls with a bit of fat, but healthy, then i wouldnt say that guys dont like these types anymore.
also, are you are really buying coke?many say there is no street drug that qualifies as coke anymore and its mostly weak meth being sold as coke.
my best guess is that's it's most likely i mix of lesser quality coke and a built up tolerance making it to where you can't get high anymore.
frustrating im sure, but probably time to stop if youre not getting a high from it anymore.
i barely hear anyone talk about anything angularjs anymore
its still there, its just not classified as a full planet anymore.
it does exist, it just isnt categorized as a planet anymore.
if you're so worried about him not texting you so much anymore then you're probably not used to talking to him very much on the phone with phone calls to each other and the reason i say yes it is if you guys are that far drawn that you can just talk to each other about this and you're worried about text messages you're not worried about him not talking to you then you're too far gone and technology i said put the phone down and the computer down for a week and get to know each other again
why can't i thank people for upvoting my answer anymore?
i am really sorry and concerned that you don't feel like living anymore!
if you really feel like you don't want to live anymore, i want you to share that with your doctor, a counselor or therapist.
assuming that religions and karma dont exist anymore and nobody is watching you.
assuming that religions and karma don't exist anymore and nobody is watching you.
assuming that religions and karma don't exist anymore and nobody is watching you.
assuming that religions and karma don't exist anymore (means they were, before) and nobody is waching you.
original question: assuming that religions and karma don't exist anymore and nobody is watching you.
grownups don't need it anymore.
since i'm british, i would write any more not anymore , but that is of no importance.
i envision a situation where a father used to choose toys for his son but for some reason its not working anymore.
his father doesnt have to choose toys for him anymore.
there is no need for his father to choose his toys anymore.
well if you're asking why we don't use only javascript anymore to develop huge websites, then that is because humanity have made javascript too much easier thanks to variety of awesome javascript frameworks (such as jquery, backbonejs, emberjs, amgular, reactjs, extjsetc).
maintaining large, complex projects with basic javascript simply doesnt work anymore, at least not when you can channel the power of frameworks like react, angular 2, etc.
he did not have the flair anymore that a striker required.
she just needs to make you a priority)she will realize that she cant bullsh** you anymore..either she does what you need from her treat you well.. or you are ready to leave.
so i had to be selfish for once and live for myself and not themit was hard leaving them but thankfully it was the senior year of high school i didnt have to see them anymore after that i pulled away slowly and then slipped out of their lives.
something isnt fun anymore if you cant get the same amount of enjoyment from it that you did the first time.
its also not fun anymore if youre not feeling happy, satisfied or content.
i know something is not fun anymore when i realize im doing it because i feel like i ought to, instead of doing it because i want to.
so basically he doesn't want to play for west ham anymore because he thinks he'd be able to earn shitloads elsewhere but the love, affection and the respect the club and fans showered on him all this time will go in vain.
because the fashion industry does not make really awesome skirts and dresses much anymore.
dont bother with them anymore.
that said, the loss in ga-6 doesnt mean that democrats cant win anywhere anymore.
many americans hardly care about britian [sic] anymore.
where do you get the belief that americans hardly care about britain anymore?
you are free now and i don't have to listen to your whining anymore for not paying enough attention to you.
simply say our relationship is not working for me anymore.
if he asks why - you can say i do not love you anymore.
if your boyfriend doesn't care about you anymore, it should be easier to break up with him.
ive been thinking and i can see the writing on the wall, for what ever reason, youve moved on in your heart and dont care for me anymore.
just tell him that you dont want to be with him anymore.
yeah, its possible that shes not into you anymore.
do not pester her anymore for now  if you see her again, just act friendly.
by the age of 22, is it okay that i do not want to go on family holidays anymore?
the original question is:english (language): what verb should i use when someone has stopped trying and doesn't want to try anymore?my answer:an expression that comes from boxing is "to throw in the towel".
he desisted from studying for the test anymore, convinced at that point of his inhability to succeed, despite having carried out his best efforts.
what happens when nothings believable anymore?
people anymore are to lazy to work on a relationship and have poor communication skills and do not inform or talk to their partner about the issues.
question: if god is everywhere, why does he not speak to people anymore?
question: what would happen if no one had faith anymore?
if no one had faith anymore i think the world would go on.
personally we don't have much family anymore so i cling to my memories..
if you're smoking it just to smoke it, you might end up getting to the point where it does nothing for you anymore.
how do i tell my parents and friends that i dont want to be a muslim anymore?
their parents were not there to tell them what to do anymore.
are you serious my friend , nothing makes you happier anymore.
and , you are saying nothing makes you happier anymore.
if nothing makes you feel happy anymore then youre looking at things in the wrong perspective.
people don't tend to like metal anymore.
i forced myself to stop crying and now i can't cry anymore
so, it's not working for you anymore.
because they aren't marketing to you anymore.
no, it doesn't mean that she doesn't have feelings for you anymore .
you feel comfortable with your piano because it becomes a part of you - like your bff you never wish to miss anymore.
yes, i do not visit them anymore because i am too spoiled to poop everyday in a common outhouse (a slight improvement over the years from the open field concept).
but in theory if you survived for a long time, your gi tract would involute and stop working maybe after a month or so so you would not poop anymore.
the italians didn't want a monarchy anymore, after mussolini and occupation the italians wanted more direct representation i'd say they were right italy has done wonders in the last 72 years.
dont know what you mean by anymore but she has been in two recent tv shows and a 2013 movie and a 2016 movie.
i don't think it's anything she's done per say she's just not as famous anymore.
"i can't take it anymore" appears at a stage when all forms of attachment and trust between the person and the object (which could be another person) or circumstance is shredded into fine pieces.
"i won't take it anymore" is when that single thin piece of tether breaks off, effectively ending the relationship in all forms.
it takes a lot to get to the " i can't take this anymore " stage.
from there, it's an easy downhill road to "i won't take it anymore".
you wash your hands, with a light conscience, and just dont take it anymore.
if you feel that way find a way to share both sentences with someone that is a good friend find a way to let off steam and find a solution before you have to get to i wont take it anymore
you dont even know anymore where it is.
if the person isn't in your life anymore, it's the play of the universe.
i think to keep reminding yourself that they dont want you anymore.
if you aren't a kid anymore, your mom probably be knows; you don't need to prove it to her.
ever since then i never really enjoyed going to band anymore, like you im also trying to find a way to enjoy band again but nothing has come to me.
what time frame do you mean by anymore?
original question: why dont people create new sports anymore?
in my opinion, the communism was dumped all over the world (what china is following actually is capitalism), communism should not be a threat for indonesia anymore.
he isn't in wwe anymore, but he's been doing stuff with roh and he mainly works in tna.
thats not the case anymore.
most people hardly know their spouses birthday anymore.
so, he doesn't bowl anymore though he has a hatrick in ipl.
he was snobbish, [pause] but he is not anymore.
he used to be snobbish, but he isnt anymore.
typically, it would written shortened slightly and written less formally as he was a snob but isnt anymore.
it's doesn't really violate any grammatical rules, but this is a situation where i think any english speaker would say he used to be snobbish but he isn't anymore instead.
he was snobbish but not anymore.
the children are led to believe lies that their mom does not love them anymore and has abandoned them.
if you don't want to live anymore though, i would recommend a radical change.
you mentioned you dont feel like living anymore- how do you know how you will feel like dying?
you have been enerz by the cake which contains sugar, and the coffee which contains caffeine, these two ingredients will give you a sugar surge causing you not to feel sleepy anymore because your blood sugar level is increased.
like any anymore?
it could mean that she still loves/likes you but is just being bitchy for a while, but it probably means that she doesnt want you in her life anymore.
since you don't love your boyfriend anymore, why are you with him?
is nate silver and 538 even relevant anymore in light of their recent opinions?
i am 29 and just can't bring myself to date anymore.
why in the world don't you want to hug your adult child anymore?
loving someone as much as you do and not having that love be returned anymore can be the most terrible pain that can be inflicted on someone.
well the reason that you don't want to talk to him anymore is kind of important.
i dont think anyone understands what democracy is, anymore.
in that sense it's true that, as you put it, you're not yourself  your former, younger self  anymore.
or possibly someone from your church, but you mentioned you don't go to church anymore or feel like you fit in, so you will have to decide if that is a comfortable place for you to talk openly.
when just about anything cannot disturb you anymore, that is the only acceptable state of being.
question as worded when answered: how do i tell my pastor that i don't see myself as a christian anymore?
through extensive self-reflection since those troubles, ive reached a point where i cant make myself believe anymore.
if i told my friends (some are pastors, others are ministers) that i dont believe anymore, they would be upset, and try very hard to convince me to become a believer again.
the question should not be, do i need a computer anymore.
thanks for asking, do i need a computer anymore?
another reason for losing interest in something may be that you dont need it anymore.
in fact, i am willing to bet that there will be things that should make you feel good but you still wont feel good - simply because your emotional muscles are not strong enough anymore.
actually there are two games that i used to play a lot and i can't find any of them anymore.
what is the best video game/computer game that you played and doesn't exist anymore
>>what is the best video game/computer game that you played and doesn't exist anymore?
isaid her to let me go and she said to me you are gonna tell your mother that you don't want to be her friend anymore and i said to her that i' ll never do that.
and it puts it on you, not her, like, i dont like you anymore.
do it, gently, do not accuse the partner of any defects , the decision is yours and yours only, its not working anymore for you and that you are wishing your soon to be partner all the best and a much more appreciative lover.
at some point in our lives, just about everyone realizes they dont want to work anymore.
others have given good answers, which amount to because units are not formed exclusively of people from the same geographic area anymore.
if you really dont enjoy anything anymore, then go see a doctor.
if you mean reciprocate, well of course not, he told you that he wasnt going to do it anymore.
a four year friendship shouldnt be easily given up on unless it looks like a difference in values has grown so much that you have little in common anymore.
so the time will probably come, much to my annoyance, when anymore will be good english.
any more and anymore have different meanings.
i dont want coffee anymore.in this case, anymore is used as an adverb (time).
i dont buy books anymore because i dont need any more books.
if you write anymore as one or two words really depends on how the word functions in a sentence.this also works for anytime/any time, anyway / any way.
you can have anyone, anything, anyhow and anywhere, but not anymore or anytime.
it's more of a spelling error than a grammar error, but yes, anymore is impossible in british english.
i wouldn't use 'anymore.
if you want to recover old files that are not visible anymore, you need to first stop using your hard drive to prevent new files to be written to the pc hard drive.
sometimes people out grow each other in love and in relationships, but to suddenly not want to be around your beloved family anymore says something else.
why aren't there animal sacrifices anymore like there were in old testament times?
why aren't there animal sacrifices anymore like there were in old testament times?
the reason behind why there are not animal sacrifices anymore is rather simple, as there is no purpose for them anymore since christ has given himself as a sacrifice for our sins.
so it may absolutely be normal to not wanting to be friends with anyone anymore, neither depressing nor any other way.
one, maybe the exercise is not challenging your muscle anymore- so either the weight or repetitions should be altered.
but in reality it is more to do with your body not being not used to it anymore.
its possible she has found someone who keeps her busy and does not have time to chat to you anymore.
she has moved on, she found someone new shes interested in, she has her own life, she rather talks to her family, she just doesnt want to talk to you anymore..
maybe you dont see her in that way anymore but maybe the sight or sound of you makes her think of the reasons youll broke up and she wouldnt want to relive those memories (whether it is good or bad).
space travel is essentially useless and therefore, we dont really send anyone into space anymore.
how do you recognize that something is futile and not worth doing anymore?
how do you recognize that something is futile and not worth doing anymore?
i wouldnt sponsor that narrative into my life; its sufficient to say i dont want to do this anymore or even i cant do this anymore.
my experience tells me that i dont want to invest time in abusers anymore, so i cut them out of my life as soon as they abuse.
just because you dont like him anymore doesnt mean that you completely forget about him.
hence,it is definitely perfectly okay not to like your crush anymore :d
all-in-all, nothing means nothing anymore.
usually for married men, its forgetting to still romance and date her, annoying habits that she cant overlook anymore, and treating her like your guy friends.
when i realized this, it became much easier for me to not do it anymore.
no one is asking for help does not mean no one needs it anymore.
no one wants to be that anymore.
do you mean why does no one ask for help in person anymore?
"the amount of rocket energy it takes to accelerate those kinds of payloads away from earth doesn?t exist anymore," said jeff hanley, nasa's constellation program manager.
the american government not anymore interested after kennedy, the russians not happy at being eclipsed by the americans for the 1969 sojourn, and others not having enough spark for this.
(this is because you say that you dont love them anymore)
if you dont love your family anymore, there is very likelihood that many members in your family dont love you anymore.
you could continue to dream about people who are gone or are not your friends anymore or have moved away and it is not unusual.
i actually only dream about people who are not in my life anymore.
see if you don't like her anymore then once try to talk to her and ask her reaction if you do the break up then what she will do to herself .
i don't like my girlfriend anymore.
if you think you can work around things great or since you have already told her as suggested how you feel, you can than convey if you can't take it anymore.
there is no such thing as wild type smallpox anymore, which is a great example of how well vaccines work.
q: what do you not want to see anymore in tamil movies?
from vagabondish and chauvinistic heroes anymore.
when a man shows you who they are, believe him.it does not matter why he does not want you anymore, it is all hypothesizing.even he does not know for sure.what i know for sure is that you deserve better.
you say anymore, so its clear that you once were intimate.
if she is ending that, she may be telling youin not so many wordsthat she doesnt want to get married anymore.
he told me he doesn't want to be my boyfriend anymore, but he wants to keep seeing me and doesn't want me seeing other people.
this person will continue to make unreasonable demands, and you can tell him that you don't want to see him anymore.
he doesnt want the commitment he needs to have towards you anymore but he wants the other benefits of being with you to continue (i imagine there are too many to mention)
if your girlfriend doesnt love you anymore, she may still be telling you that she cares for you and doesnt want to hurt your feelings, but shes just not in love anymore.
if a guy lacks relationship experience, he might notice the change in feelings and begin to worry by thinking, my girlfriend doesnt love me anymore.
a common mistake that is made by guys who begin to feel their girlfriend doesnt love them anymore, is to start seeking her constant reassurance by asking things like, do you still love me?or how much do you love me?
for example: if a guys girlfriend is suddenly spending more time with her friends, he will see as a sign that she doesnt love him anymore or that her friends are trying to get in the way of their relationship.
a little later she called me and told me she's not going to the party anymore and she is gonna stay home instead.
she still tells me she loves me everyday, and flirts and everything, but she doesn't want to hangout anymore, she seems awkward when we're together now, and ignores me in person at school (she'll still text me all day.)
this just makes me feel like shit, the relationship seems one-sided, and i don't think she likes me anymore, or if she even liked me from the start.
1.because you are not what your girlfriend thinks you are anymore.
2.because you are not fulfilling her expectation anymore.
do you think it's an era of epic ramayana that you will be tested like sita.if he doesn't love you anymore that's you are saying means he doesn't think of you.don't feel hurt dear take this as a definition of life and enjoy it as you had been a part of it.try to find who loves you really and ran after him so that you will be an importance for him.don't ran after him who doesn't love you rather later period you will feel that you have lost your importance.then,love and romance will be bitter for you.you will find difficult to find another suitable friend for you.stay happy.thanks for a2a
you love him, he doesn't love you anymore, there is no point running after someone who doesnot love you.
you feel like nothing matters anymore?
my depression is not young' anymore and it's out of fuel.
where is that lost motivation you dont recognize anymore?
first thing about the thought of motivation doesn't affect anymore, stop thinking about getting motivated!
it's not that hollywood won't cast josh radnor anymore, it's that it never bothered with him in the first place.
id be curious to learn how you know this doesnt happen anymore.
no one has shown the ability to create truth seeking orbs after the inital instance, so he got them once he first entered six paths sage mode, he cant create anymore.
why can't i paste on quora anymore?
why can't i paste on quora anymore?
with these things in mind, your quest is really, "how can i get rid of unwanted feelings of constant infatuation for a person who does not love me anymore?"
you lived without knowing her and now you will learn to live without her anymore.
therefore yes, its okay not to have anymore childhood friends.
i think it shows that you have grown and changed and so long as you have friends now then you can accept that you not being in contact with someone who you knew in the past is because they are not like minded anymore and your new friends are.. some people make the mistake of being friends with people who they have nothing in common but the past and who they only have as friends as they have known them for so long regardless of whether these friends have been good friends.
yes because she doesnt love you anymore.
focus on why your wife does not like to kiss you anymore.
who says wives dont like to kiss anymore?
not anymore.
we all have that one friend we don't talk to anymore and there is always a reason behind it.
original question: can we write question details on quora anymore?
i hardly ever program in it myself anymore, but from time to time (once every 2 or 3 years on a random whim), ill code up something simple in postscript and view it in ghostview on my linux system.
there really aren't any useful, non-obscure languages from antiquity that aren't being used anymore with probably two exceptions.
there are certainly a lot that i've learned that -i- don't use anymore.
perhaps your subconscious recognizes this and you avoid talking to people and interaction because people in the past have tended to cause you enough grief to warrant not wanting to deal with anyone anymore.
kids aren't kids anymore.
they still offer her movies but not as before anymore,
- it's an equally pervasive myth that once you're in love and married, you don't or shouldn't find people attractive anymore.
no, a bisexual person who gets married does not cease to be bisexual, anymore than a gay man who married a woman ceases being gay.
since theyre married, theyre not going to be in anymore relationships( hopefully), but if they got divorced or something, theyre still bi!
avenged sevenfold is not a young band anymore, but they are not old either, and this was a show here in 2018.
that is why i dont want to be in love anymore.
it means that you dont want to be in love anymore.
if you have to ask that, you clearly aren't in love anymore at all.
he doesn't need to be officially broken up with you if he is no longer into you anymore it's already broken and over with.
there is a big difference between "we don't talk anymore" and "you don't talk to me anymore."
from your details, it seems she said "hey, (your name), we don't talk anymore."
she is noticing you dont really talk to her anymore.
a girl is telling you that you do not talk to her anymore.
you don't talk to her, anymore, and she wishes you did.
for years i was on prozac and it worked great until one day i realized it wasn't working anymore.
its impossible to not be afraid anymore.
if she doesn't want to talk to you anymore (as in not at all) : she's not your girlfriend and you should stop calling her that.
they dont feel special anymore.
that's why you are not getting involve emotionaly with people so that you don't get hurt anymore.
whatever, im gonna pretend like i dont like her anymore cuz i dont wanna look like an idiot or a try hard.
through absolutely no one's fault, you simply do not have feelings for her anymore.
all i knew, is someone i trusted, been with for 3 years, and now i don't trust anymore.
instead she just made it worse, until i didn't respond anymore to her calls, change the number and moved on.
so even though you may not see him too much on the screen anymore, watch out for him on the credits as he may appear elsewhere.
its one thing to specifically say you didnt like a film he was in, or a performance he gave, but to make a blanket statement that hes not making good movies anymore i think its cruel, especially since you do not understand the job he is doing or the life he is leading.
now, it is not clear from what you've said whether the texting has anything to do with you maybe not loving him anymore.
then we talked, and she said she didn't have feelings for me anymore.
are there any multiplayer games that you are so commandingly good at that no one wants to play with you anymore?
safe to say they dont let me play anymore
nobody in the west really wants to hear about the fsa anymore.
why is video evidence not sufficient anymore?
they just don't want to make time for other people anymore.
johannsson is right, bill gate doesnt program anymore (and hasnt for a long time) for his company, microsoft.
find out the reason for which you don't want to exist anymore, think over it & work on it.
just by ending up saying i don't want to exist anymore won't work at all & finally led you to stress & depression.
after all, he used his mind & will power to overcome the dilemma of i don't want to exist anymore" and the result is well known and fascinating.
so use your mind constructively and transform the situation of i don't want to exist anymore to i want to live my life to its full extent.
my suggestion to you is, if you dont want to exist anymore then please kill that person inside you who is forcing you to ask these stupid questions, kill that negativity from your mind, change yourself, have a purpose in life.
the signs of someone loving you even when your not together anymore is simple.
when you were once in a relationship and you truly loved one another but you seperated because things just didn't work anymore or you were not compatible but loved each other so much and in a relationship love isn't always enough.
for whatever the reason you not together anymore does not mean you can stop loving someone over night.
you dont even question it yourself anymore.
i can testify, the break up will be very hard for your boyfriend (you'll likely feel upset even though you don't feel much for him anymore- you're still losing a lot of things).
you owe it to yourself and to him (i'm sure he feels the disconnect too, and may be in denial or hoping it will change) being that your the one not into the relationship anymore... to let him go so that he can heal and find someone else.
and per your edited question, the reason they don't have an indoor one (in use) anymore is obviously cause they built the outdoor one.
you should also prepare yourself in case he just isn't interested in the relationship anymore.
no one eats a christmas ham anymore- it's whatever you feel like making.
there are no christmas church services anymore and yet the commonality of christ is the reason we are all supposed to be rejoicing and celebrating.
the gospel isn't being preached anymore.
you don't have to take the resurrection literally anymore to be considered a christian.
you don't connect with people anymore unless you have a reason to and that reason has to some sort of huge business venture or skill set you have.
family restaurants just don't exist anywhere anymore.
girls walking around in beautiful dresses just because don't exist anymore.
you just simply cannot say that people are not genuine/loyal anymore.
you dont want her anymore but she may not want you anymore too.
so let me understand this: you no longer wish to be married, so you told your wife you dont want her anymore.
but she keeps doing odd things and you resolved to go on quora and ask, "how do i know if my girlfriend is not interested in me anymore" <-- when you put that on quora...that's when you know.
usually, the i dont care anymore part of suicide doesnt take that into account.
what should you do if you dont find any meaning in life anymore?
im not sure if you really mean it when you said, you cant find meaning anymore but id suggest to wait for a few days or so, and see if you can find a meaning at a later date.
what should you do if you dont find any meaning in life anymore?
there are some things i'm not so good at anymore.
dogs that are in pain will do their best to hide the fact they can't control their bowels anymore.
i just couldn't anymore.
for those wondering, the question was what is that one moment you snapped on someone and couldn't take their crap anymore?.
she never calls me anymore.
i feel like i dont know her anymore
if you dont believe it anymore: congratulations!!
like you said, i had the feeling that i can't take it anymore, i felt down so many times.
i continued until that morning when i just couldn't get up anymore and i started crying.
moving on to the camera market, gone are the days when sonys point and shoot cameras were in demand nobody buys them anymore with people getting more and more dslrs.
therefore money can only lose its relevance when this world doesn't exist anymore: and of course, it will certainly happen, at the end of time.
this feeling of not enjoying anything anymore, is not a real state of mind.
unless you've tried them all, i don't think you can say you dont enjoy anything anymore.
due to their close relationship (and the evolving nature of hip hop music), its hard to determine when a given piece is definitely not hip hop anymore if it still has rap in it, but at its core, lets say you can insert a rap verse into a song out of genre and not have it be automatically hip hop.
you asked if you need an emergency fund anymore implying that you have established and maintained an emergency fund.
sounless you live under a rock or in a mirror universe, i dont see why youd think star trek and star wars arent popular anymore.
he doesnt want to be in a proper relationship with you anymore even though he still wants you in his life, so hes wanting to just stick to being friends?
i cant understand why anyone uses cash anymore so as far as im concerned the 4 bob bit (twenty pence piece) is not useful anymore.
so payne might not be needed in the show anymore.
it doesn't mean you have to be enemies but perhaps you aren't as close or don't spend as much time together anymore.
you dont care anymore about former hobbies, pastimes, social activities, or sex.
also, dont think that things dont excite you anymore.
list the reasons why you "can't do these things anymore".
there is no specific reason you "can't do these things anymore" in your question, so it's hard to give a better answer.
do you not feel like you have time anymore?
when they see you cant give them anything anymore, they will leave you.
you say you don't feel likeable anymore.
it's been a year, and apparently he's gotten on with his life and doesn't trust you, and apparently and understandably doesn't want you in his life anymore.
i would definately say thatcommon sense is not common at all,anymore.
here they say you become independent at that age, which actually means again, no one gives a s..t about you anymore
original question: "i don't believe in god anymore but somehow i still want to believe, what am i supposed to do?
if you don't have that believe anymore, then you must understand what a sham it was.
so heres my personal experience: i had been dating my girlfriend for almost 2 years, when i felt we didn't have a future anymore so i wanted to break up.
i thought about it so much i decided i didnt love her anymore.
i went through a nasty breakup where my boyfriend and i both said horrible things to each other because we were so mad but neither of us said i dont love you anymore.
the younger generation do not understand or respect the promises they make anymore.
i don't have time to read at home anymore, i read during my commute to work.
be respectful of her wishes for privacy, save yourself anymore hurt and pain, and grieve the loss of the relationship.
it doesnt seem that shes your girlfriend anymore.
if by instrumentals you mean tracks without the vocals: perhaps because people dont own big, loud sound systems that have mic inputs and karaoke or multiplex functions anymore.
michelle a. rivera has far and above the correct answer (michelle a. rivera's answer to how can i explain to my cat that he can't sleep on my bed anymore and must stop whining and scratching at the door?).
just like no one wear panty hose anymore.
people are just not raised with the values of common courtesy anymore.
i think a lot of people just dont think that simple courtesy matters anymore.
how can you help a new adopted dog know that she won't be abused anymore?
if you could write a letter to someone you don't talk to anymore, who and what would you write?
a letter i wrote for a friend sometime back who isn't there anymore.
i promise this would be my last letter to you ( or atleast what i believe now), but i only thought that if i could just have a closure where i could see you, but that is not possible anymore .
because this illness is not just a disease that needs pills anymore, this illness is me and i am the illness.
not because we dont talk to each other anymore.
i don't have any family or friends that don't talk to me, and if they don't, we dont associate anymore, nor would i want to.
in that case, these are not the right people for you anymore.
if he/she truly has no interest in you or building a different type of relationship, you probably won't here from that person anymore.
but this initial flood fades and many people jump the ship when the relationship isnt making them happy anymore
if your mind / heart is not into him anymore, just tell him.
these days there are just so many games that its not quite enough to just be good anymore, games have to sell themselves right away, either through great graphics, a big name publisher/developer, or innovative gameplay, but even then you need a way to communicate that.
everything and nothing excites me anymore.
like is this apathy youre sensing, or are you just not feeling completely miserable anymore or something else entirely?
i didnt feel like myself anymore.
if you cannot see a friends score on sc anymore, its probably because they unfriended you or had you blocked.
that is not to be anymore as local residents blamed the company for changing the communitys after the company blew up, following its $3.4 billion ipo in march last year.
so that's why dubai doesn't care about oil anymore.
then one day, i realized they didnt entertain me that much anymore.
what albums have you listened to so much that you can't put it on anymore?
im going to interpret can't put it on anymore to mean i wore out two delivery formats.
it wouldnt play on my car cassette player anymore.
until the cd wouldnt play anymore.
i cannot listen to them anymore.
you asked, how can people say that they don't love someone anymore if they ever really loved them in the first place?
you can see from the above information that when people say that they do not love someone anymore after claiming that they do for a while they are mistaking their previous attachment as being love.
now you know how people can say that they dont love someone anymore, you were correct; true love never dies!
i knew he was a good man and a good husband, but i just wasn't interested anymore.
for some reason, he isnt cutting the mustard anymore.
if you feel your husband has extremely bad breath and you cant stand it anymore, then you can divorce him.
physical attraction is always important but has he just "let himself go" or is it that you just aren't attracted to him anymore?
there's nothing wrong with it, doesn't mean you are not sad anymore.
i don't know what you are going through right now, but if the pressure, the anxiety drag you to the ground and you feel like you can't stand tall anymore, i suggest youreach out for help.
and after sometime, may be people get bored with the fashion trend when it gets old, so they stop following it anymore.
it doesnt matter if she isnt in your life anymore, you still think about her and the possibilities that could have been.
your question is analogous to the hypothetical physics experiment known as the schrodinger's cat paradox, whereby this girl simultaneously doesn't like you anymore and is trying to get revenge, both at the same time.
doesn't she like me anymore or is she trying to get revenge?
you are right, you wont feel pain anymore.
are you certain you'll not feel pain anymore?
you let yourself go, the things that used to matter dont seem so important anymore, and you just wake up and think - what is the point?
bernie ran f1 quite well until recently when he couldn't do it anymore.
companies dont only compete nationally anymore; they compete globally.
a not so old phenomenom, people feel the urge to do as much as possible in as little time as possible, so just relaxing isnt an option anymore.we start feeling the need to be productive 24/ 7- in order to keep up and being able to compete.
no where is safe anymore, you cannot predict your next second.
question: how do i tell my fiance i don't want to get married anymore?
it is not what i want i am not feeling the same anymore etc.
presumably he knows you're not happy with the relationship, and he shouldn't be surprised, at least if that is why you can't have him in your life anymore.
simply, calmly, without accusations or excuses, tell him that your relationship has not worked out, and you can't have him in your life anymore.
explain to him what you mean by not having him in your life anymore.
some part of me will always want you in my life, but i realize that i can't have you anymore.
i don't want you in my life anymore because i don't care for you the same way.
well, i dont know about not talk anymore but from a purely information theoretical viewpoint, it would not be abnormal for them to talk a lot less.
that is not to say that a couple who do not talk anymore have a relationship that is likely to last, but the information theoretic facts of their discourse, or lack of, makes it possible for a relationship that is doomed to last longer than it otherwise might.
what i do when i feel like i can't do this anymore is i just close my eyes.
a time comes in many students' lives that he or she bangs his/her study table and cries out loud, that i can't do anymore.
i couldnt take it anymore.
its normal to feel sometime that you cant do it anymore .
if answer is that you dont want to do it anymore make your intentions clear and move out.
starbucks has become so focused on profit that they will close locations that arent making them money anymore  simply put.
let it hurt until it can't hurt anymore.
let it hurt until it can't hurt anymore.
some people might argue that 2ne1 disbanded, bigbang is off to the army, and psy is just not a sensation anymore.
it is kind of incorrect due to the fact that nothing says that yg is not part of the big 3 anymore.
all the best.. and never get that to not to study anymore because knowledge is the most powerful weapon any one can have.
my boyfriend can't take it anymore.
do not feel badly against those who are angry all the time anymore that you would get mad at somebody with a reseding hair line.
because, then hed be in the middle age, and hence, hes no longer an angry young man anymore.
do you just not want to be in patient care anymore or just dont like being a cna?
well, the very simple answer is that he doesn't want to anymore.
the mental stress of being the world champion for as long as he was got to him, and he decided it wasn't worth putting up with anymore.
i wish i had a more exciting answer for you, but for whatever reason, he just didn't feel like doing it anymore.
he no longer needs to fight anymore so he walked away.
figure it out why you do feel that you no longer are motivated by anything anymore?
also we dont have slavery anymore slaves and/or any kind of underpaid-high skilled workers.
i couldn't agree anymore with carole and in fact have a lot more to add.
okay, i just read through your entire epic saga, even though you really only needed to say "she said she just wanted to be friends is cause this is not fun for her anymore and she feels like everyday it's a constant thing of what's next meaning what are we going to argue about today" because that's the important bit.
what would be the result of not having the other anymore to the same degree?
you have already indicated that you cannot love your wife on your own anymore - that this is a great struggle for you.
you know my love for my kids and the love i used to have for my wifebut its not there anymore and i need your help.
q> why are my dreams not vivid anymore?
ive been the friend who pushes another friend away because i dont want them in my life anymore (thats happening right now, actually).
and ive lost contact with a lot of friends simply because were both super busy and just dont have time anymore.
here are 12 signs your friend doesnt want to be friends anymore, from someone who knows:
try something along these lines i have been getting the feeling that you are not interested in me anymore.
so the frustration will grow and then he will lose interest as he doesnt like the feeling anymore.
it might be that he is calling someone else and not you anymore.
 he doesnt talk much anymore of how his day went by as he usually does before.
 he stops asking details about you which means he is not interested in you or your life anymore.
at this point of time,you had stack full of worthy and unworthy questions in your life,i suggest you to start searching for the answers to all the questions in your life without accepting anymore questions into your stack.if you start your search for the answers,it will makes sense to you.
you wrote here 'nothing make sense anymore',in another line you wrote 'my parent's wont be able to take my death'.
!i would not ask you anything cause nothing you feel doesnt make sense anymore..cause everyone of us go through these phase sometimes..trust me,its a phase.
i chose to stop letting depression run my life and i don't believe i'm depressed anymore could it return?
if you can't open the control panel and it comes app with a error message stating that you cannot open this window or that's a problem opening control panel this is normally caused by corrupted files in windows or a registry cleaner or virus protection that you use screwed up the process normally the only way of fixing this issue is trying to do a system recovery which we started from scratch by erasing the hard drive and doing it again problem will be solved registry cleaners will not help fix this issue if you can't open control panel and it's impossible to try to troubleshoot the errors so i've always had to redo mine from scratch is the best way to start without causing any more problems losing your files might happen if you don't back them up ahead of time before you do so windows 7 is very common to have this control panel issue but i don't deal windows 7 anymore idea
if you are a surgeon and you realize you can't handle the hours anymore, can you become a physician later on in your career?
so while we may think that we dont care about a person anymore we still do care a lot about them, especially if theyre someone close to us.
are your readers important anymore?
probably you cannot make yourself totally emotionless as those who are emotionless they actully are not humans anymore or i should say you need to be lille smarter and little of selfish ehich is actually not a bad point.
for the given example (i used to think of you that way but not anymore) i would sign it this way:
in the comments to the question above, you mention that youre talking about the english sentence i dont think of you that way anymore.
in a sense, translating the that way part is actually harder than translating the anymore.
meaning, i dont think that stuff anymore.
i dont think it anymore.
so maybe the specific word anymore is translated as up-to-now plus the negation non-manual-marker.
you said that youre talking about the english sentence i dont think of you that way anymore.
i dont have feelings for you that way anymore or i used to think you were bossy (or self centered or arrogant or whatever stigma you once had for someone) but i dont think of you that way anymore.
as a direct interpretation of the sentence i dont think of you that way anymore.
i dont know of a conceptually correct way to sign anymore other than to say something like
depending on the meaning you are trying to convey, the word anymore may be substituted for the word now.
their aren't any authentic jewish bakers left anymore.
enter at some point previously (anymore) i don't know what would would have caused this ability to decrease.
i don't have much interest in pursuing friendships anymore, at least not at this point in my life.
how did you become his flatmates and what do you mean by 'anymore'?
you don't mention ever being friends before but you say "don't want to talk to me anymore"; is this based on some previous experience when he did talk to you frequently?
there's really no such thing as i can't get high or i can't get drunk anymore.
you can also get to where you don't enjoy being high as much anymore, because you stay high so much it's just normal.
im not even sure if this makes sense anymore seemed to initially now im just words-ing
edit to add: the romans also changed the name of the province - they did everything they could to totally wipe out the jewish people as an entity and nation - so along with destroying the (only) temple, and the capitol city, and dispersing the population, they went on to rename the province itself, dragging up the memory of an ancient enemy people (who didnt even exist anymore) - the philistines.
when nobody thinks of you anymore, it could mean that you're forgotten, unremembered, out of mind, neglected, ignored, disregarded, or overlooked.
do people still read fiction novels anymore?
commitment doesn't mean - i'll stick with you until i don't like you anymore.
that said, under the conditions above, i believe there isnt a relationship anymore.
not anymore.
no, they are not stamped with non ecr label anymore.
not sure where you get the idea that people don't want to learn anymore.
likewise i know of instrumentalists who have become injured and cannot play anymore.
she developed a muscular disease and could not play anymore.
outside of current pop, r&b, and country hits, they basically dont play any music on the airwaves anymore.
there are a few stations that try various formats outside of these hit categories, with mixed success: most cities still have a classic rock station or two hanging on where you can hear some late-60s material from the limited number of bands in that canon; some towns also still have a just right radio or other baby-boomer targeted format (nobody will say oldies anymore) that will mix in a decent number of 60s tunes including more r&b, pop and vocal stuff than classic rock allows.
you're definitely not a kid anymore.
i dont feel young anymore either.
if you don't feel like a kid anymore guess you can say you're old.
we wonder if there is some grand scheme out there for our suffering, or why after working for a couple years in a job thats alright it doesnt feel like it has a point anymore.
how should i tell my boyfriend that i cannot take the verbal, emotional, and physical abuse anymore?
it is also not used in schools anymore ( there is a reason there is a  quartier latin in paris) or in churches.
why are some churches in maastricht not used as churches anymore, but are used for other purposes?
as a result, the church could not be used anymore as a place of worship.
so choose something that will suite your friend, make him understand in your own way and hi own way that you dont want him anymore in your life.
tell him that he brings negative vibes with him and you cannot have him in your life anymore.
i cant tell you how many adults have said to me, i just dont read anymore.
tricky question, but do you really think you need to know an answer for this, last time i had a fight with my girl or someone whom i dated in back dates, i totally was able to figure out that they dont love me anymore.
one time it was like,  i dont even know who i am anymore!
you are not yourself anymore and this place is not what it used to be but we evolve, thats the beauty of it all.
we dont trust each other anymore because trust no longer exists.
only because you don't believe it is possible anymore.
she does not pick her son up anymore.
she do not pick her son up anymore.
answer: she doesn't pick her son up anymore.
i used to have a lot of paranormal experiences but i don't anymore why?
admittedly, there are several high profile british fighters in fury, joshua and haye, but to suggest that the usa doesnt produce champions anymore seems a little unfair to deontay wilder, who has held the wbc title since last year.
when somebody doesnt want to continue a relationship anymore, the resulting breakup is unilateral and, usually, irreversible.
ill give you bloody frost anymore!
he doesnt feel connected to you anymore
is the word "nigga" really a bad word anymore?
"is the word "nigga" really a bad word anymore?"
how do you argue with english anymore when its reputation has been tainted with common manipulative misuse?
why doesnt my narcissistic boyfriend touch me anymore?
why doesnt my boyfriend touch me anymore?
my suggestion is to think about why you feel that you do not need therapy anymore.
when that attention is given, you no longer have any reason to be interested anymore.
during the 1980s i was beginning to think, we dont have snow anymore but then, there was a year where we had massive snowfall that lasted for weeks.
ive been playing trove and neverwinter and i never felt hopeless anymore.
thats why we do not want to hire top tier talent anymore.
theres a huge number of reasons why its not rich anymore, ill try my best to mention a few:
and if we do acknowledge that, then we need to be mature enough to admit to him that all the bad shit that happened in our time together is squarely on us, and that we really, really, dont want to be like that anymore moving forward.
perhaps, the better question is, if one is serious and not merely attempting to demean and degrade might be: why doesnt god call on me anymore?
why doesn't god call us anymore.
also, after disruption by jio, the internet itself is now technically free and thus no one would want to text you anymore
if youre at the concert, you would say i dont want to be at this concert anymore.
if youre not at the concert, you would say i dont want to go to that concert anymore.
no one uses floppy drives anymore.
computers arent sold with a floppy drive anymore, so why bother supporting it?
not in that what you said "can't express anymore" thing.
you were used to receiving the benefits of her money, you were happy with it, dependant on it, your love was all right because of her money, but she breaks up and takes it all with her, and all of the sudden, your life is so much worst, because you don't have any money anymore, you need money to feel good again, and of course you are desperate, because you don't know what your life is gonna be like now, you don't know if you are ever going to find money anymore and be poor for the rest of your life.
or, if you can't cry anymore, you may have cried so much that you are exhausted.
but there is no real need for them anymore.
it's just not in the form of a poster anymore.
there are so many people on the earth now, using up so much of the earths resources, that there isnt enough space for the largest of the large to make a living anymore, and the various dangers of the human world mean that fewer and fewer individuals get to live long enough to grow to those extreme sizes.
you can tell him he cant come to your house/apartment anymore.
i cant keep my food cold anymore without relying on modern refrigeration.
i dont remember code syntax anymore.
the anymore implies that in the past you could do without internet; meaning that for some reason it is now more logical for you to google syntax.
so, bottom line, the wheel size doesnt figure into the bikes speed anymore, but in fit, riding style, and bicycle type.
do not initiate contact with her anymore and if she does, simply be nice and maintain a neutral tone.
of course, america is not the top anymore in education, healthcare, and social security stuff.
even they are not the first in freedom anymore, because of the intrusive practices of surveillance and bush era politics of harrasing the journalists and questioning whistleblowers like snowden.
america is massively in debt, america is basically borrowing money to compensate for the massive amount of money they are simply not making anymore and ending up in china, the majority of the borrowed money is spent on military and to keep the standard of living stable, evidence that america is lacking money is the crumbling infrastructure, it simply doesn't have money to fix all the crumbling roads, bridges, water systems, sewage systems, levees, dams.
she is not your girl anymore.
after all of these, people who complained that internet were just a speculative scheme and they werent going to invest their time and their money in it, now have probably lost their job or their business is closed or their sales are not growing anymore.
i dont think china can do anything anymore.
why do doctors not do throat cultures anymore?
it you too can't work together anymore to make the company suffer for it.
you have the right to move on when you dont want to be in the relationship anymore.
just don't care anymore.
unfortunately i do not know the detail of the relationship, but do not say we can still be friends or stay in touch what so ever, we know it is not working this way, and you should not give him hope and encouragement as you said you do not care for him anymore, it is cruel to let somebody think that there might be a chance.
look him in the eye and say, i don't care for you anymore.
i think it just doesn't have a strong market with kids anymore.
2 years back when i literally sat in a room for 2 days straight and took courage to tell my parents that i don't want to be a muslim anymore.
he won't give a single eff about her anymore.
that joke isn't funny anymore.
learn to manage your anxiety, its always going to be there because its a normal mechanism of protection but dont let it rule you anymore.
evwen if it is being fed elsewhere, it might still look enviously at your lunch and wish you would share, but it is not going to come and beg anymore as it can still see your water bottle!
since you said you dont want to talk to anyone anymore i assume that in the pass you liked talking to anyone.
so the reason why you dont feel like talking to anyone anymore is probably because:
it's okay to let go of a situation where we don't feel loved anymore.
:)no, i wont get mad if someone decides one day that theyd rather not be friends with me anymore.
i will not get mad if you decide that you dont want to be friends with me anymore.
i am not trying to be rude or mean to anyone here, but if youre mad just because someone isnt your friend anymore, you may have some issues that you need to work through before you try to make new friends- this could even be a symptom of a problem you have that caused your friend to not want to be friends with you any more, when they may have liked everything else about you.
doesnt satisfy you anymore?
the question was what it was, the reason he doesnt satisfy me anymore.
vietnam and china were poor at that time and chinese advisor said they had time to develop the economy, they don't want to involve with american anymore after korea war.
so they didn't believe chinese anymore.
dont do that anymore.
not saying this is the situation here, but she just didn't want to be with me anymore.
the other software companies he sold don't exist anymore.
the other software companies he sold don't exist anymore.
read the quora downvote policy.. everyone who gave you an answer is right, the only way to recover your account is by e-mail if you don't have the phone number anymore.
why was the shillelagh antitank weapon a failure and why doesn't the military use cannon-based atgms anymore?
to be yourself, at 15 no one can raise you anymore, only show you how to be a good person.
question answered: why don't i feel like hanging out with friends anymore and going out of the house?
i dont use dreamweaver anymore (did not like how they force you to pay full price for and upgrade after a couple years, got me twice), now they have a monthly membership, may worth it if you are user of photoshop & illustrator
the we cant take it anymore question, and, more to the point, what are we going to do about it, leads to the impeachment argument.
if the president works for us and most of us can't take it anymore, why can't we fire him?
coolest looking national flag that is not in use anymore.
that makes it the coolest national flag that is not in use anymore from a nation going strong.
it can involve a lot of soulsearching, conversations, little incidents that irk them, but usually a decision like that is considered for a long time and disregarded often before someone reaches the point of: i dont want this anymore and ill take the heartbreak involved to be free again.
you say - my girlfriend does not want to be with me anymore but i still love her, what do i do?
 why dont i like guys anymore?
when you are older you can run out of dreams, not have anything to look forward to anymore....the will to live life diminishes.....ecclesiastes 12 dont let the excitement of youth cause you to forget your creator.
honor him in your youth before you grow old and say, life is not pleasant anymore.
many just cant face the fight, and feel they would be better off not to be around anymore.
it definitely messed up how i see other people texting me and made me wonder if the other people in my life didn't want to be friends with me anymore.
saying i can't do this anymore i like you so much as a friend or other words you choose is fine and fair.
in your point of view, your friend doesn't talk to you anymore.
im not really sure, but i believe the bodies of deceased celebrities generally aren't shown to the public anymore mainly out of the privacy concerns of the deceaseds family, close friends & caretakers.
question: what is it like to be exploited to the point where you don't feel human anymore?
if youre not into marriage anymore then dont go out with anyone that is going to want to marry you.
jim bouton's arm aged and he couldn't throw his dominant fastball anymore.
combine that with the aforementioned lack of acceptance to anything not the norm, and you see why there arent a whole lot of guys making a living with it anymore.
it has a negative connotation as a pitch of last resort - when you cant throw your fastball anymore, you learn the knuckleball to stay relevant.
they dont show force ghosts anymore because the qaulity of the writing has improved.
does it mean you dont love your husband anymore?
how far can you mod a car before it doesn't apply to its vin plate anymore?
your body doesn't do anything to me anymore,
then you really wouldnt do anything for him anymore.
he tells you point blank that he doesnt find you phisically attractive anymore.
he doesnt need to dribble anymore.
this is because dribbling isn't fun anymore.
infact football isn't fun anymore.
well, hes not young anymore.
no large country i'm aware of does that anymore and i think you'd actually be hard pressed to find any state that wasn't a greek polis or something similar, which actually employed that type of democracy.
p.s : if you don't find any particular number in your block list, they are most probably not blocked anymore.
if its not in the blocked list anymore than it most likely wont be blocked anymore.
i don't love my girlfriend anymore.
body language can say more then words but if he doesn't want to kiss you anymore then you should accept that he doesn't want to be with you or he is cheating and move on.
i am not sure why he does not want to kiss you anymore but the fact that he once did and now does not want to anymore is extremely odd.
my dog is named roxy and we got her from a breeder that had the dog surrendered to her because the previous owner couldnt afford her anymore.
you know, plymouth isnt existing anymore, pontiac neither, mercury neither, suzuki isnt present anymore on the north american market, and people are still buying their cars.
in fact, any brand has cars that disappeared after a moment, and they finish by not making parts anymore.
you have no will to live anymore?
don't let it steal anymore of your precious time.
and it meant that they wouldnt be making music together anymore.
i still sometimes have trouble listening to that song, and i cant play it anymore without losing it.
i am using it and that is why i am able to answer this question and you are also using it as you have asked this question, so how do you say that people are not using quora anymore.
why do you feel your classmates dont seem to like you anymore?
well, sadly its probably because many home bakers dont even own a sifter anymore.
but now finally, she doesnt love me anymore.
why doesnt netflix have [insert movie title here] anymore?
why aren't people still fasting anymore?
you can look within, for example, and think in more detail, what you really mean when you say that you did love her; and what you really mean in detail, when you say that you dont love her anymore.
people say that adolescents arent children anymore because they have a mind of their own, think and do things on their own, make their own important decisions, are able to take care of themselves (some), make and follow a schedule unlike children who would rather do things without one, etc.
people say that adolescents are not children anymore because they are not children, they are adolescents.
we don't use the word wilhom in standard english anymore.
the states that were part of mexico and are not anymore are:
these days since we hear the news on tv's, radio's and in newspapers this job isn't common anymore but is still sometimes used at important events.
if you don't want to talk to him anymore, you don't have to say anything.
that you don't want to talk to him anymore
why you don't want to talk to him anymore
i am not interested in talking to you anymore, please respect that.
we still have them around, but they're not commonly carried anymore.
if you truly do not love her anymore, let her go but as i said, this is a normal part of relationships, some get rekindled, most die off.
or, is it just you aren't sexually turned on anymore?
to give you the best possible answer, i would need to know in what ways are you not attracted to her anymore?
is this someone you have seen before, is it someone that used to live close by, maybe they have decided they dont want a relationship anymore but it sounds like you going to meet them soon has started the lack of timely replies, maybe you should take that off the table and see what happens, could be they only want a ldr and nothing in real life.
original question answered: how did old people (western civilization) financially support themselves a few hundred years ago with no pension, state support or joint family systems when they couldnt work anymore?
the fact that they don't care anymore is very saddening.
because of all these reasons, not only you, but each and everyone of us are finding it difficult to trust people, anymore.
there are two reasons you don't trust people anymore :
we dont write out the addresses of our friends and relatives anymore.
does anyone ever write letters to friends by hand anymore?
nothing i do satisfies me anymore, and i'm getting super bored.
if you can not live as a wage-slave anymore, it's because that work is no longer aligned with who you are (maybe it once was, but there is something else calling you now).
frankly, if you dont love her anymore because she gained weight, then did you ever love her at all?
my friend suddenly said he's not friends with me anymore.
obviously my suspicion about that excuse being a lie only proved to be right throughout that time but at that point i just didnt care about it anymore.
i told her i knew she was distant, she was cold, our conversations were nothing like before, she had ditched her part of our fanfiction for no reason, she didnt talk to me anymore because she was always watching tv.
she told me i just cant trust you anymore.
i asked her to tell me why and she didnt, she said she just couldnt trust me anymore.
that text only came at 5pm that day and it said sorry, its better if we dont talk anymore.
and after sharing the saddest moment of my life so far im going to answer your question: asking that person why theyre not friends with you anymore will most likely be pointless because they wont tell you.
my prediction is by 2022, that one of the aa and visit britain will not be active anymore.
who was with you in the previous moment would not be found anymore in your upcoming moments of life?
then they get wise and decide they cannot deny it anymore and end up dating men after many failed female relationships.
that does not mean they cannot attract women anymore, it means they were gay and decided allow themselves to be honest with who they are and go after what they really want.
cant attract women anymore doesnt happen to guys.
while the main culprit gets away because they are across the sea and impossible for the refugees to reach.the european countries feel that their hands are clean now and they dont need to accept any refugees because the are not complicit in creating refugees anymore, this is why they feel they should stop migration.
question: when your spouse says it's over, is it because they aren't in love with you anymore?
if i think cristiano ronaldo is overrated, can i not be a real madrid fan anymore?
what really matters when things you once thought were important really don't matter at all anymore?
i cant sing anymore, much less perform.
im not sure i want to be here anymore.
not anymore.
if you arent attracted to him anymore, then just own it and move on.
we all go through phases when our partners just dont excite us that much anymore but there is a lot more to a relationship than sex.
before you do anything rash, you need to ask yourself why you are not attracted to him anymore.
i suspect you wanted to break up with your boyfriend before you decided that you werent attracted to him anymore.
all in the last year or so, so i think its a bit premature to state that hollywood wont cast her anymore.
i imagine that most of us have felt like we couldn't handle it anymore.
your partner doesn't compliment you anymore.
firstly it's very important to know why do you feel that you are not in love with him anymore??
probably it would die because no one wanted to log in anymore.
if england is not a country anymore, how should we refer to it?
how is england not a country anymore?
perhaps it is not the narcissist who emailed and said do not call me or text me anymore.
when someone emails you and tells you not to call or text anymore, believe them.
if this person says do not call me or text me anymore, then who are you to question it?
they are really saying not to contact them anymore.
when people say do not call me or text me anymore, its very difficult to be any more clear than that.
regardless of whether or not they are a narcissist, what they really want is do not call me or text me anymore.
but if you dont like him anymore, then im guessing that your own happiness doesnt lie with him.
give yourself some time to figure out some way to tell your boyfriend (that you don't have feelings for him anymore) which will hurt him less.
i don't know what to do anymore?
so the question are planes used anymore can quickly be answered by looking in the sky.
when their once endearing and cute habits & quirks start to annoy you, and when you don't really look forward to seeing or talking to them anymore, to mention a few pointers.
the question: who doesn't watch tv on here anymore and why did you choose to stop watching it?
me, i stopped watching almost two years ago, now, it really depends on if you mean anything on the television, such as movies and other things, or just tv shows, but in any case, i don't often watch anything on it anymore.
lets modify your question when a person says i dont want to talk to you anymore what does that mean?
that hes not talking to you anymore.
what, you declaring to him you dont have feelings for him anymore was just a ploy, you were trying to play hard to get, in the hope that would finally succeed in seducing him?
when you told him you dont have feelings for him anymore, he most likely took you at your word and was much relieved, which is why he didnt start acting all panicky like you were obviously hoping.
why did you feel the need to tell him you dont have feelings for him anymore.
furthermore, you will likely come across some spanish even though its not your intention anymore, so therell be some exposure anyway.
nobody cares about the art form anymore, everybody just wants to make money.
friends are family we choose.but there are times when we feel like they have changed and we don't want to see them anymore.don't fight with them, don't ignore them or hate them just keep a little distance for a some time, because probing the situation might ruin the friendship.
without knowing these things, my first inclination is to say if he used to text you first, but doesn't anymore, that implies that now you are texting first.
it's not about crazy snagging parties and flowers anymore, it's about mutual respect and a deep understanding and appreciation.
again, dont wait to call until you think you just cant go on like this anymore.
as far as i know, there just isnt much to talk about anymore on the channel that wont spark some serious controversy.
for an equal revenue, police may just ask for additional funding from the government (yes, higher taxes), or start charging based on jay walking given that pedestrians can't be hit by bad drivers anymore.
if for some reason i wouldn't want to hang out with him anymore, i would just say so.
some parents tell their children they will not talk to them anymore in order to punish them.
if you say it in a nasty tone and use the words, i dont want to talk to you anymore it will certainly hurt his feelings.
what if your wife didn't want to talk to you anymore?
bro as u have not mentioned the exact reason of u both not talking anymore it's difficult to figure out what happened b/w u 2.
the only thing youre doin is displaying that you both dont have chemistry anymore (which might be true given the problem your in).
if you have anymore questions just ask man.
it was important later by spreading an universal  although far from perfect  moral code, helping to maintain order of large groups pf people, but those aren't necessities anymore.
( article: even republicans don't like congress anymore )
because no one can even define such things anymore.
the main reason (in my opinion) that very few people say merry christmas anymore is simple.
why aren't you crying anymore, is the same question turned right side up.
if the reason is you just suddenly don't feel for the person's company anymore something is wrong with foundation of which your relationships stand on and that person will deserve an explanation.
how do i forget the guy i love the most when he doesn't even care about me anymore?
remind yourself that there isn't a happy ending by holding out for him, because his feelings for you just aren't there anymore.
you can't positively say to someone that you do not love them anymore.
i might not say i dont love you anymore.
when someone that you love tells you they dont love you anymore, it hurts.
should a newbie front end web developer even bother learning jquery anymore or should they just move on to a popular framework?
you have got to clear your mind when you feel that you are not productive anymore.
i realize that i am not a kid anymore but there are still sometimes when the kid in me leads the way-
imo, theres only two ways to get out of a friendship and the first is to meet up with her and say something like: i feel our friendship is fading, susie, and we have nothing in common anymore.
im sorry, but i just dont feel like were compatible anymore is one possible place to start.
me and this girl are best friends but i don't want to be anymore.
so basically my question is how do i not be best friends with her anymore?
if asked why you don't want to be friends anymore, then it's your choice whether to explain or not.
you may delete their contacts or unfollow them..avoid meeting them but those wont help you to put them out of your mind.for that you will need timeyou need to be pre occuoied in other things.accept that now it was past and they dont care anymore.till you are able to keep them off your mind and heart you cannot ignore them for long.you will go back to them later or you shall be constantly in guilt and worsening inner peace.
q: what are some words and expressions that we do not use in english anymore?
but if you really feel that you cant handle it anymore, do not hesitate to tell him about your feelings.
when he says he doesnt love you anymore.
i still think heavy metal songs make more sense than we don't talk anymore
we don't talk anymore!!
basically he felt that you couldnt make a point with zombies anymore; his films were societal critique in the guise of brain eating.
nowadays, i have yet to hear that sweet melody anymore.
however, if you decided nup you wont really wanna play the violin anymore and wasnt concerned with not learning all the basics then you might stop.
the show doesn't feel fresh and exciting anymore.
sometimes the simplest answer is the right one - they simply do not think it is funny anymore.
occasionally cereal manufacturers will put toys into their products, but not very often anymore.
those are a few ways to tell when a girl doesn't wanna be with you anymore..
you dont seem as interested anymore.
there is no need for you to be with people you dont have interests in common anymore.
i remember talking to my mother about this as it was just happening: how it bothered me that i no longer felt that my best friend was my best friend anymore and that i feared this change.
over time you hardly notice anymore when you, his trusted parent, are speaking falsehoods to him and misleading him.
my son doesn't believe in god anymore.
q: my son doesn't believe in god anymore.
he trusts you enough to tell you that he doesnt believe anymore; thats actually a good sign.
but the reason we dont hear about it anymore, is that there simply is nothing new to report, and that is not likely to change unless they recover the black boxes and/or the wreckage.
more like, i dont give a sh!t anymore
that it doesnt matter anymore.
just because you are at a stage in life where you feel that you don't love them, doesn't mean you are not their child anymore.
and you need to believe that you cannot unlove the people who have brought you into this world..even if they are too good or a bit weird you don't have any right to say that you don't love them anymore.
why we are not satisfied anymore when nothing seems to be wrong?
it is not sold anymore.
why does it seem like no one can express their opinion anymore without being called racist, sexist, or an idiot?
i haven't heard anything to suggest that they're not used anymore.
why did she go from loving me to wanting to be friends in about a month and doesn't even want that anymore?
in her case, she jumped from wanting you bad, to not wanting you in an intimate matter anymore in the blink of an eye.
your problem is then, that you are not new anymore, so your presence is not stimulating dopamine release for her, so you are of no value to her anymore, so she has to move on to the next new thing/ person that will stimulate dopamine release for her dopamine deficient brain.
basically this woman has done the stereotypical, narcissistic abuser scenario: extreme emotions/protestations of love(aka the high dopamine release associated with a new relationship)/ putting you on a pedestal/ getting into a committed relationship too soon/ taking things too fast/ then burning out (aka running out of high dopamine release since the newness is gone) and devaluing you and your worth to her (you dont give her dopamine release anymore) and then leaving.
if you are at the point where you feel you cant take life anymore, then you will be very sincere in following a path to find freedom from the suffering you are feeling.
you say you can't take this life thing anymore.
it takes humbleness to admit that you cannot live life anymore.
you should not say that you dont want her anymore.
not to say you are wrong for not wanting the friendship to stand anymore but for someone to be your friend you should be able to accept their faults and if you can't then you both just aren't made for each other.
how do i make a male gay boss not want me anymore?
i still feel a part of the theatre community here, even though my disability keeps me from performing anymore.
why it isnt used anymore is mainly cost.
and they're not used anymore because modern spy satellites tend to do a better job
because you use the word anymore, perhaps you are confused.
thats why it might seem like film soundtracks dont use classical music anymore.
if your friend isnt telling you the important things in their life anymore, then they could either be juggling some difficult problems that are making their life too busy and hectic to talk to you or maybe theyve met some new people and prefer them.
thank you for the question, who cares if i don't go to church anymore?
unfortunately - he does not love you anymore.
no, he doesnt love you anymore.
how do you tell your boyfriend that you don't want to be with him anymore without hurting him?
i dont think turkey cares about nato membership anymore.western countries have been insidious.
turkey is not sure that they are friends anymore.the whole world understood that the west was not trustworthy.partnership with the pkk is really madness for the united states.
when you reply what are the pros and cons for us, uk, france, germany if they doesn't want to be part of nato anymore?
it is common for people from an older generation, to talk about staying in a marriage from duty but, thankfully, nobody seems to do that much anymore.
i would love to see some evidence to support the assertion that americans are not friendly to each other anymore.
he told this story to two more friends i confronted him that night and he told me that he told his friend that we were not together anymore because he really thought that i was going to dumpt him i barely remember what we were figthing about, i would not even consider it a fight.
original question: why don't people say what they mean & mean what they say anymore?
what do you mean anymore?
i went to their marriage ceremony last year and sometimes i cry a little because it's over and we couldn't make it work anymore.
if you have the feeling that your friend with benefits cant handle the situation anymore, what would you do?
what does a doctor do if they find out a patient is not taking their medication anymore or following given advice anymore?
it is your mother's money and you are already an adult, you shouldn't be planning to spend your mother's money anymore than your younger brother is doing.
so that you do not live paycheck-to-paycheck anymore, the first priority is to slash expense.
well then dont get along with people anymore.
overall, dont worry if you dont get along with people anymore.
it sounds like when you flashed the bios it also erased the base configuration of the raid-0, so there is no physical/logical array anymore.
if you keep them in your life, even though you dont love them anymore, is wasting their time and that is selfish.
if someone didn't love you anymore would you want to know or live a lie?
its not that girls don't like chivalrous guys anymore but rather that guys act chivalrous because they expect girls to like them.
that person isnt there anymore.
quora management is not interested anymore in questions that do not increase their advertising revenues.
quora doesnt support any details in questions anymore, period.
question: why does it seem like the gop does not care about how they present themselves anymore?
your use of the word anymore is interesting.
you dont want to date your ex anymore?
you still love your ex, but you don't want to date him anymore.
if he says he doesnt love you anymore, i think id tell him he can insist all day long, but im not being his friend.
i think he just wants to be your friend because he feels guilty for dumping you and telling you he doesnt love you anymore.
i poured myself a cup two hours ago and i didn't drink it anymore/haven't drunk it anymore.
in the second sentence, the word anymore is unneeded.
neither of them is correct, anymore is not relevant to the sentence.
what timing would anymore refer to?
in any case, your use of the word anymore is incorrect and should be omitted regardless how you structure the sentence.
i feel like we never see movies where the kids are central anymore.
as far as the west is concerned at least, were not much of a warrior-culture anymore.
since it appears it is not a joy anymore i suggest you make it a necessity.
i was in your position around 3 years back and the mistake i made was that i delayed telling him that i just didn't feel the same way anymore.
one day i just didn't have those feelings anymore and now in hindsight after i read my diary i realized that it was a long time coming but i was just blissfully ignorant.
and i just said that i don't feel the same way anymore and i don't want to lead you on.
please forgive me but i can't do this anymore.
before telling that to the guy you must think about the reasons that made you like him at first and why you don't have feelings for him anymore.
if she dont want friendship anymore let her go.
believe her lol, i've been in this situation, it means she has had enough, it doesn't matter what gifts you buy her, whether you give up a vice (if you have any), change your hair etc, she just doesn't feel anything towards you anymore.if you want to test her, go out socially with a female friend she doesn't know about, make sure she either sees you or hears about it, then if you get a reaction from her you will know she still has feelings.if love has died she won't react or care.
1 - online business beat on prices with jewelry stores and looks like they cant handle anymore nice products to offer ( including gem quality rare emeralds)
nobody talks about learning perl 5 anymore ?
it's really frustrating and painful to realise that the one you love and care about simply doesn't love you anymore.
and i cannot feel her love anymore.
what do you mean, anymore?
now that we live in more accepting times, at least in the western world, no one should have to hide their sexual orientation anymore.
if youre not enjoying life anymore,like everyday is just a routine, you can
the thing is, if you're having a lot of problems this early in your relationship, namely the honeymoon phase, it is possible that you still care for her and like her, but you don't necessarily love her anymore, because this conflict eroded those feelings.
im already not young anymore in the sense that people usually start to freak out about not being married by my age.
what i think is that it's not right to completely ignore someone just because u don't want to be their friend anymore
if u give reason that why don't u want to be friend anymore that is much much better than ignoring suddenly without giving reason.
this depends on why you don't want to be friends anymore.
how am i supposed to live with myself anymore?i'm 16 and stupid enough to do that.
but a big factor in us deciding not to have anymore children is the postpartum depression factor.
i think our decision not to have anymore children because of postpartum depression is a loving and responsible thing to do for our family.
i dont wanna try to be nice with people and nothings interesting to me anymore.
the real question is does the public even care about the government anymore?
does the us government even care about the people anymore?
if you give up means you don't love him anymore.
if he truly doesnt care anymore then theres no reason to continue on.
my answer is much different if he is young, and maybe only suffering from depression, and in the hospital for his own protection; than if he is quite old, suffering from something incurable, which might be why he no longer believes in anything anymore, and hes in a sanitarium type of care!
they have been reduced to a small territory around their largest remaining city, constantinople, and only really have athens as a vassal anymore, before the ottomans moved in and finished off the more than 2000 year old empire of rome.
if you are talking about the territories themselves, well greese may not be influential anymore, but rome still is via the pope, who is generally respected around the world, and still has considerable influence and power with most governments.
why can't i concentrate while playing video games anymore?
perhaps you dont like gaming anymore.
i told him i still wanted to keep him in my life, and still see him and do things together and so on, but that we just wouldnt be a couple anymore.
but after a few months he found a new girlfriend, and i didnt see much of him anymore.
most people will probably experience the heartbreak of hearing i dont love you anymore at least once in their lives.
i dont love you anymore is awful to hear.
it doesnt make it easier but, would you really want to be with someone who hides the fact that they dont love you anymore?
i dont love you anymore a lot of people cant get over this because they dont want to believe it.
but yeah if they try to talk to you regarding that person then you can simply tell them that you guys don't talk anymore and you rather not talk about it.
go : um yea were not friends anymore then walk away.
they dont need to know why or have anymore information than that.
just know if he doesnt contact you immediately (within a day or two) then you are not a priority anymore and you knew that.
have the guts to love someone so unconditionally that it doesn't hurt you anymore, bother you anymore.
the first part is to accept the person does not love you anymore.
na am pretty sure nobody in team india needs any kholis ( a place to stay) anymore.
means she doesn't want to spend time with you anymore and she doesn't want to answer your texts.
if you show genuine contrition and let her know how sorry you are, how valued she is, and that you are devastated without her nevertheless you must respect her decision and will not bother her anymore but will welcome her if she changes her mind, this couod leave the door open for reconciliation.
is this small view of your relationship an indication that he doesn't love you anymore?
you dont want to live anymore because you arent having enough fun.
such management is almost non existent in football anymore.
this tore apart the foundations of stability the club prided itself upon and this sent moyes onto a career he simply cannot recover from anymore.
this to me was his biggest fault: i understand he had a very limited budget and going for players he was familiar is understandable in that sense but these players were blatantly not good enough anymore.
possibly players have changed a bit now, with the extra money in the game, and that drive isn't quite their anymore.a player can go to west brom, stoke or west ham sized teams and command astronomical wages so the need, absolutely, to push yourself to the highest level isn't always there.
it's not the same country anymore.
it might not even exist anymore.
to answer your original question, yes, i can let go when it's no longer right anymore.
im not going to explain this anymore.either suck it and see or dig your own grave.dont ask me why, but men know when its time for you both to move on,whereas most women dont (im not going to argue about percentages).just like most men know how best to find a workable compromisefrom a strong disagreement and too many women(again lets not argue about percentages)have an almost perfect knack for making sane resolution impossiblecausing the men to lose interest in the relationship so muchthat their women eventually decidethat never-ending man-blaming isnt working and so divorceand loads of lovely alimony must be the answer after all he deserves to suffer for bulling his wife for so many years  lol !!
so when they do shape up and change themselves (which is a very, very rare thing), a woman who was with him with the sole intention to fix him does not know what to do anymore.
there is nothing like i was in love but not anymore.
go on and just tell her you don't love her anymore.
now, i'm back to a normal state and not as depressed as before, even if i don't take that supplement anymore, but at least i know where i should be pointing, and i'm moving forward.
you should look forward to overcoming your condition, and in due time you won't question your passions anymore.
ok lets address the wont teach me anymore comment.
does anybody use film anymore?
the next thing to show the issue is moot is the claim that humans, or any species for that matter, arent evolving anymore.
since humans arent evolving anymore?
haha :), sure he does, these questions almost never can be answered completely without associating other terms and conditions to them, so just ask yourself why would he say that , then answer that question as truthfully as you can and analyse it, and if the final answer is yes, then well, how can i say this, he probably doesnt want to see you anymore and so yes.
realize that when you dont want to see someone anymore they havent lost the right to exist.
so, all i can say is move oncry until you cant cry anymore.
you have no other reason to stick around and say i sorry - but i cant deal with you anymore.
they do not deserve your respect anymore when they are mean to you or potentially did something to hurt you in any way.
if its a repeated offense, dont give them anymore of your respect.
grandma held me on her lap and gave me my first lesson about why we hold onto things, even when we dont really need them anymore.
of course, they chose usa as their patron, so russia did not have any obligations anymore.
does that mean we were not best friends anymore?
was it the point where we should have known that we are not best friends anymore?
sala khadoos is the bollywood movie where lead role is a female boxer and keeps punching her opponents arm till she has no strength to fight anymore , i hope that's what you are looking for ?
i dont know why people insist that sansa isnt a stark anymore, but thats neither here nor there as far as im concerned.
original question: we don't have news anymore, it is all entertainment.
original question: we don't have news anymore, it is all entertainment.
its simple, go to him and ask him, idk why people like to take advices from unknown people about something as hard as relationship x) no one knows u and no one knows that boy better than you here, go to him, if he really is not interested anymore then u should know ofc, u deserve that, and dont fear from breaking up or something like this cause at this moment its a burden for u and maybe for him too, go ask him !
how come women dont approach men anymore is based on a false premise.
if there is such a thing as a soul mate, then maybe that love is eternal, even if you arent physically together anymore.
if you've already asked this question of the person who doesn't want to talk with you anymore, and you either didn't want to hear the answer, or having heard it, won't accept it, no.
i would recommend that you work for a small company i would also recommend that when you get asked about why you don't work at the last place anymore, that you come up with a whole better story than that one.
when i sell a gun to a gun store is the serial number not able to be traced to me anymore?
the question is: after all of the bragging, blusters, and obviously uneducated/confused state of mind, does anyone take trump seriously anymore?
and honestly, if i were you, i would be hoping that they dont think of you anymore.
then, talk in the morning, even if it's to say: "babe, i love you so much, but weve talked this issue to death and i can't do it anymore.
dont let him play with your mind anymore.
if he said he doesnt love you anymore and is blaming it on a fight that isnt yours, he probably had already stopped loving you and is using this fight that isnt yours as an out, or an excuse to break up.
now, if you don't want to be that person's friend anymore due to a reason such as jealousy, then yes, i would say you're making a mistake.
since she didn't change, she had a hard time understanding why i didn't want to be her friend anymore.
i asked her why, and she said she just didn't like talking to me anymore.
firstly your question itself says i dony love my girlfriend anymore but we still need each other and you seems to be so sure about it so love is not whats holding you two together.
but i dont feel like im inlove anymore.
it seems like you are bitter about this because this someone did not love you anymore.
i mean, if the person doesn't love you anymore, hasn't the person pretty much disowned you?
if he or she doesn't love you anymore, isn't it likely this person isn't wanting to be around you a lot or spend time with you?
 how do i disown someone who doesn't love me anymore?
thus, sterreich isn't important anymore politically.
so austria is no important country anymore because political dynasties and marriages are not a thing anymore and the multiethnic empire austria controlled collapsed.
it's hard to find razzles (candy) anymore.
and when i was about five or six years old there was a breakfast cereal that had banana-shaped marshmallows in it that were banana-flavored, but for the life of me i can't remember the name of that cereal anymore either.
the custard obviously could still exist, but i never see it anymore.
im not 100% sure that it doesnt exist anymore, but i used to really like a candy bar called pb max.
the person that was your best friend appearently no longer wants to be bothered anymore.
why is valve not developing anymore games?
its like you have heard it so many times or felt that negative emotion so many times that it becomes nothing to you anymore.
that's because our nerves stop sending impulses to the brain (something like that) and we don't smell the scent anymore.
after feeling hurt over and over again, at some point you just, don't feel it anymore.
as far as having your boyfriend prove that he isnt cheating anymore?
i don't want to feel gender dysphoria anymore.
i will go ahead and assume that you are a muslim girl, who doesnt want to wear hijab anymore,,
if you are in the phase of self-doubt and questioning your whole beliefs then look deeper why arent you comfortable with hijab anymore?
thanks for asking your question, after receiving a job offer, how can you negotiate more vacation/pto without coming across as pushy/the employer not wanting to work with you anymore?
after receiving a job offer, how can you negotiate more vacation/pto without coming across as pushy/the employer not wanting to work with you anymore?
because you are not 17 anymore.
then, when you learn what those words mean in the links above, you won't want to end it anymore.
first of all, you say you don't love your girlfriend anymore, but as much i can sense, you never really loved her at the first place.
we all know that when they get snippy, it's easier to blurt out i don't love you anymore and then hang up the phone.
just call her up and tell her how you feel.explain that theres nobody new, its just you dont feel that love for her anymore.be as kind and gentle as possible.then dont call her anymore,and dont answer emails and texts wanting more information.breaking up is painful so dont drag it out.
try reflecting alone and seeing why you dont feel the same anymore.
when you say you can't study anymore, i assume you have had a good run before and something happened and you can't study anymore?
is he is not interested anymore or just a player?
if the girl is not clear in her mind whether he loves you anymore or not, it is better to part with her.
i told her i couldnt pay her bills anymore, but groceries, etc.
i couldnt take it anymore as i was already emotionally distressed enough.
what i did on those days was whenever i felt like giving up, i cried until i couldn't open my eyes anymore.
i hope you don't feel like you have no one anymore.
when you feel like a ghost going through days, when you cannot stand your existence anymore.
all you have to do if you don't want to take eats anymore is go into your uber driver app and you want to go into the trip preferences section where you will see two boxes checked off that say uberx and uber eats.
why doesn't my dad care about me anymore at age 12?
i am not answering anymore on quora because of this type of questions.
person a says, actually, i dont want to (wanna) talk anymore.
it means that the person you are talking to, for whatever reason, doesnt want to talk with you anymore.
they may not want to talk anymore because of fatigue or perhaps of annoyance, the latter of which may have been caused by either you or others.
i think this is every guys problem where they cant understand when a girl is into you anymore.
if you're calls have been blocked or go straight voicemail she just not into you anymore.
they likely arent working anymore,because you dont truly believe they will work,to whatever purpose you want them to.
right now its just <why do the things i do won't work anymore?.
since you already said he doesn't like you anymore.....means he has left you in the past....why can't you do the same?
some friendships are grown out of because one person or the other takes on new interests, hasnt the time, or you arent compatible anymore.
yes it is normal, it sometimes happens in our life when we get distant from the people we once adored or had a good friendly relation, it depends on communication between the two or more people, because communication keeps the relationship alive, this phenomenon is active everywhere i.e if you stop communicating with the other person or he stops it and you also wait for them to start one it creates an environment which suddenly in time create a disinterest between two people and creates the thoughts of not being friends with the person anymore.
i my husband didnt love me anymore i would try to find out what/how our relationship changed.
i will be very sad, but i hope i can get an answer as to why..i will accept her decision and will move-on.i understand that people's heart can change and maybe there are reasons why she doesnt love me anymoreit will be bad if we have kids younger than 18, it will be hard on them, but i cannot pretend for the sake of marriage that everything is ok.for me either we are couple or not.that is a hard questuon..
if you no-more need a friend then just go to them and ask them the way you are asking here with so much politeness,, that you dont want to be in friendship anymore!
say him directly face to face not on text not on call that i don't want to be your friend anymore.
you don't deserve to be my friend anymore.
if he cant say that he loves you, then his heart already decided that he has no love for you anymore and that means that you should let him go but i hope for the best.
maybe i should answer this, i should speak out the reason why i dont want to fall in love anymore.
i didnt love him anymore then.
now it has been years since i have had social anxiety and my life is 1000 times better than it was on the day i didnt want to live anymore.
i cant do this anymore, i sobbed, while trying to clean whatever burnt-on crud had accumulated on our stove (left dirty by an out-of-town roommate, by the way).
question: were you ever in a situation where you told yourself i can't do this anymore, but continued doing it?
so i will continue living and suffering day-to-day while simultaneously thinking i can't do this anymore.
but honestly, even though ive considered quitting, thats not the particular instance that made me feel like i couldnt do it anymore.
oh my god i cant do this anymore im going to throw up-
at the 11th hour, after a few stops and hours of hearing both kids crying and whining, i started blaming myself for my decision, and i kept thinking that i cant do it anymore, over and over again.
i am so not doing this anymore, ever.
i stopped talking to her because things were not easy between us anymore.
she didnt understand me anymore and whatever i say just gets lost in air.
because, i dont want to befriend with him anymore.
i've never decided that i didn't want to be single anymore, but i decided to be open to letting people into my life and to allow myself to be vulnerable to those people :)
we then ran a watch program monitoring how hot it was, no matter what we did, it just hovered at around 102 degrees, it was so hot to the touch, but it ran like this for 8 hours until it wasnt fun anymore and we turned it off and removed everything.
if im not at fault and no matter what i do they wont love me back, then ill step back understand that i cannot force them anymore and learn to live with that.
depends on the reasons why the professor can`t be the supervisor anymore.
the "silent majority" has decided not to remain silent anymore.
your sentence almost meets the rules of acceptable english grammar - though anymore isnt really a word: instead, we would say any more.
anymore often is not necessary.i dont like being alone anymore.
i think i have to get married because i cannot stand being alone anymore, would be better.
next, i eliminated anymore from your sentence because it sounds excessive and lastly, as suggested by bartholomew kranski and morris kamelgran (in the previous answers), i replaced hold on by stand because it sounds better.
i think your idea of playing the i can't see you anymore card is self-defeating and insincere.
when someone doesnt want you anymore, walk away, dont ask for reason, dont beg for another chance.
her - i wont easily fall in love anymore and its not easy to steal me.
because, you cant make change everything anymore.
you so easily say i don't love her anymore.
so i will take it that you are not in love with her anymore and / or you don't feel attracted to her anymore.
if you are not in love with her anymore, it could be that you are settling into a mature relationship.
if you are not attracted to her anymore, you could read up on how to increase attraction
the fact that you don't love her anymore might be a sign of the inevitable, so instead of enduring the eventual termination of your relationship for a longer period than is necessary, it might be time to graciously (since you still care about her) end it as cordially as possible.
and if so, do you think, in the future, humans won't have religion anymore?
just face the situation and call them asap and tell them honestly that you do not need this job anymore, also if possible give them an honest reason why you are not interested in job.
why haven't our bodies develop to not feel pain anymore?
you don't think of physical beauty anymore (for example, if your crush breaks out acne, you didn't stop liking them).
that's some basic signs that your crush is not a crush anymore.
you can tell her to stop if you think it will help, but if she was physically abusive (and conveniently, is no longer physically abusive because you probably got too big for her to be able to manhandle you anymore, right?)
in modern wars,you dont send infantry to climb fortification walls anymore,you send a couple of cruise missiles or heavy bombers to deal with it.
perhaps deodorant isnt in the budget anymore?
to bring it back full circle to your question, i can't drink as much anymore.
try making it anymore useless if you can.
but choosing a life of unhappiness- and if you dont want this person anymore then surely this is a life of unhappiness- well you just have unhappiness - forever.
being with someone you dont want anymore is a very destructive situation, poisonous for you and your partner.
better to let go of what does not work anymore - in this case the old relationship - and focus on what feels more right.
lunch money is generally not so startling anymore (unless its some unexpectedly high-end restaurant), but i dont think that feeling ever completely left me.
it's never the person just jumping up on a whim and not wanting to be with you anymore.
if she was nagging you about something or complaining about something during the relationship and you just ignored it, then she obviously didnt just end over not having feelings anymore.
my past relationship ended like this, i just didn't feel anything romantic towards her anymore and i still wanted to be her friend.
you don't want to be chasing after someone who doesn't feel anything towards you anymore, it's just not worth it.
what do you mean, you dont see her around anymore?
"either way, i really just don't want you guys so physical anymore."
[]i dont think democrats know who theyre fighting for anymore.
if you believe its moral to leave millions of people without healthcare, vote republican, because by removing both of these millions of people will die due to the fact they cant afford to live anymore, not just obama care, but people who had medicaid before but will no longer have it.
the only female superstar and the best versatile actress this country has seen is madhuri dixit, and even she doesn't have good roles written for her anymore.
however the main reasons they are not casted anymore is because of two c's i.e culture & commercialization.
most of the films at present need a actress for heroine role.there are scripts which need actress for prominent supporting and villain roles but these types of scripts are very rare and every wont get it.coming to the list of the actress you gave,they cannot do heroine roles anymore due to many reasons that everyone knew.
nothing makes you happy anymore, because its on your mind 24/7.
once you let the ocd take control of you, it naturally constraints you in an anxious state all the time, so nothing makes you happy anymore.
for me, when nothing makes me feel good anymore, and happiness is only for a fleeting second, it means that the anxiety has manifested me.
i don't know what made you think that, to stop having "crushes" anymore would even be least abnormal.
most new computers, especially laptops and all in one desktops don't come with optical drives anymore (windows 8 and 10 don't really fit on optical media anyway) so it likely doesn't make sense to include it.
its good news, when you have no goals anymore, then there is nothing for you to chase.
you get depressed, frustrated, and dont know what you have to do in life anymore.
theyve likely changed their attitude towards you due to certain unknown factors (whether involving /not involving you) and honestly, l would assume that they arent much friend material to you anymore.
why not ask him the reason why he isn't talking to you anymore?
why don't doors have transoms anymore?
where on earth did anyone get the idea it wasnt relevant anymore?
when did the european settlers in america decide they weren't european anymore?
to make matters worse, all those years of wearing high heels all the time finally caught up with me, and i have to be really careful about wearing high heels anymore.
all this demanded the time i didnt have anymore and .
what is something you love to do but cant do anymore?
and she thought that,i am not interested in her love anymore and got engaged with some 1 else.but she never realised that even i am dying inside.
re: "when will the republican lawmakers decide they dont want to be part of a system of lying anymore?"
damn, won't have to worry about the ukcat anymore!
that is the reason i have decided not to see you anymore.
when you cant, you start to feel like you cant relate anymore.
but mainly the reason you dont see many of them in the us anymore is because the government allowed for longer trucks/trailer combos on the highway, so a shorter truck to get a longer trailer wasnt necessary.
however, based on the details you give, this is not not having feelings anymore, but more like not having feelings to begin with.
is the sentence if she still doesn't come back after half an hour, i will not wait for her anymore.
if she still hasn't come back after half an hour, i will not wait for her anymore.
if she still hasn't come back after half an hour, i will not wait for her anymore.
is the sentence if she still doesn't come back after half an hour, i will not wait for her anymore.
it may be grammatically correct but i think it is odd sounding because you do not need both still and anymore.
if she doesn't come back after half an hour, i will not wait for her anymore.
maybe its because i dont keep in touch with bts anymore, but i already can feel quite a change from their dynamics since hyyh.
!that means you are not hooked on them anymore!i cant realize your feeling because i am a kind of new fan.from their history,i came up a conclusion:it seems like they have changed a lot in their music.sometime,i would see some messages left under videos about bts talking about how big they change,they miss their pastif they really have this kind of thought,then they may not be the true fans!i dont know why you lost passion,but if you somehow miss their past,too,please rewatch their videos and think about why can it happened.i am not trying to blame you,just hope these boys can touch you heart again.
i must say that every human being at a certain point feels they cant face his or her struggles anymore.
having said that, i would like to move you away from pessimism, to optimsm why do you feel that you cant live anymore?
opq: is "the lack of communication results in that situation which makes us no longer create it anymore" correct?
frankly, there are a lot of things that qualify for not giving a shit anymore, you can take your pick and you are free to choose, that is your right.
i dont see us being anymore than just friends .
if you dont want to be friends with this person anymore ?
i don't trust her anymore this right here, is the key moment and reason for you to end your relationship without further contemplation.
she cheated on me and i do not trust her anymore.
you can forgive her (as in, not hold it against her anymore) while still refusing to allow yourself to be taken advantage of in this way.
if you borrow money from me and dont pay me back (when it was explicitly agreed that you would), im going to forgive you and not lend you money anymore.
along with that, i think it could be because his genre isnt really as mainstream and popular anymore.
if you dont feel good being with them anymore, then yes you shouldnt torture yourself being with them.
i do not hang out with friends anymore.
i think the most important part of this question is figuring out why you dont feel good being with them anymore.
i will readily acknowledge that part of the reason i dont want to be with them anymore is because im depressed.
if you dont feel good being with them anymore because you arent connecting with them/ theyve hurt you/ you arent going the same direction in life etc.
i dont know exactly whats going on with your friends, but i ask you to thoroughly analyze why it is that you dont want to be with them anymore.
if being around certain people makes you feel worse - because maybe theyre negative or mean - then its better for you to not be around them anymore.
i have been pondering over this question.though i am not married but your very question appeals to me as why people are getting married when people dont value vows anymore.i mean seriously why???
youre just not into it anymore, its not a big deal.
it's a shame you don't like basketball anymore, but you're either going to just have to deal with it and no longer play or watch, or force yourself to play and watch and hope you start to like it again.
you dont trust god anymore.
what would the first thing you'd do if you suddenly couldn't experience fear anymore?
if you dont have a connection anymore, theres no passion , etc burning between the two of you anymore.
she used to have this close friend from high school but they werent friends anymore however.
she also told me she didnt wanna be close friends anymore ( see note).
yes , its perfectly fine if you dont feel anything for her anymore .
i would need about a month to write about all of the biblical teachings that dont make sense anymore, but here is a selection:-
the bible teaches that god created the universe in just seven days, with the earth existing before the sun and stars, and grass growing before the sun was created: none of this makes sense anymore.
the bible teaches that a great flood covered the whole earth to the top of the mountains, but all creatures, from every island and continent, were saved: there could never be enough water to cover the whole world like this, so this does not make sense anymore.
the bible teaches that abraham came from ur of the chaldeans around 4000 years ago and later spoke to a king of the philistines: this does not make sense anymore, because the chaldeans only arrived in the area around ur about 800 bce and the philistines only landed on the levantine coast around 1250 bce.
there can not have been four different discoveries of the empty tomb, so this does not make sense anymore.
what teachings of the bible don't make sense anymore?
so you might have this false idea that you don't love her anymore.
is it true that you don't love her anymore?
maybe youre not seeing young pregnant women anymore because youre either in the wrong location, theyre in school, they arent far enough along to show, or theyre just getting smarter about using birth control.
i cannot even remember what once was feels like anymore.
you probably are not receiving a dopamine hit which is the mechanism associated to pleasure anymore, due the chemical imbalance happening inside your brain.
easy, just celebrate it all!well, long story short, what started out as a week before and a week after celebratory festivities awhile back, kindastayed.yes, my formerly i dont do birthdays husband turned into a birthday party animal with some encouragement - we are not encouraging him anymore, to be clear, but he still relishes the extra attention and extra perks.
two year olds getting a sibling and having to adjust to the new dynamic in the family as an older sibling, and not the baby of the family anymore.
he'll learn to 'be a man', he'll be able to pay his own way and as a bonus, he'll be out of your hair so you don't need to worry about him anymore!
he's had two whole years of being loved and cared for so, obviously your job is now done and he doesn't need that affection anymore.
despite the fact he doesnt want to sleep with you anymore you still call him your bf?
the bad news is, he doesnt consider you his gf anymore.
by their late teens, most kids are pretty much finished with puberty and have started to take on adult responsibilities, so i'd 17-19 year olds aren't really children anymore.
i am scared she isn't willing to work with me anymore.
if your therapist is continuing to schedule and have sessions with you, it would seem highly unlikely that her not responding to your e-mails is because she doesnt want to work with you anymore.
why don't you see kids pick and eat their boogers anymore?
nowadays kids dont get to be kids anymore.
you just don't feel like studying anymore, after having slogged for 2 years.
there are many answers & it is not at all clear that things arent built to last anymore  some things are & some things are not.
why aren't compact pick-up trucks common in america anymore?
when my ex told me he didn't want me anymore i was pregnant with our 4th child.
i will always think about her ,i just need to accept that i can not be with her anymore, acceptance sometimes comes with time , sometimes life forces us to accept things but at last we have to accept.
its best to move on if you know your boyfriend doesnt care about you anymore.
^_^ thats like saying you are a first grader not wanting to go to school anymore because you feel inferior.
ive often heard peoples say that they dont care anymore.
we tell ourselves that we dont care anymore because it is a lot less painful than actually caring.
i wont scold you for not being in love anymore, but understand that just going through the motions will do more damage than an honest break up.
most people dont go around offering the observation that they arent jealous anymore out of the blue
if you just did something you expected to make her jealous and she said she doesnt do that anymore, it probably means she cares less.
why dont you desire her anymore?
thirdly, it can happen that you are the person that does not want to receive particular attention anymore from someone, then have the decency to let that person go to make that person happy.
sooner or later she will not want that situation anymore because it also drains energy from her, and things get 'normal/truce'.
ask to talk to her and tell her straight up "you're a great person, but i'm not interested in a relationship anymore, so could you please stop intentionally ignoring me?"
that is why devas are not worshipped anymore.
eventually, when it doesnt help at all anymore, youll come up with some other self destructive ritual to replace it.
not necessary anymore.
ultimately, we are not talking anymore.
afraid that she doesn't want to talk to me anymore.
why can't he just prove himself to be his words so we don't argue over religion anymore?
furthermore, even if people did listen, what makes you think people would not argue over religion anymore?
when i went to school, i learned how to read roman numerals, which isnt really useful anymore as they are rarely used outside of titles of movie sequels.
in high school, we dont have the workbooks and the penmanship grade anymore, but still we are only required to write in cursive for our formal theme paper.
the rot starts at the end and things are not looking good for his political shenanigans anymore..oscar pistorius; that's a story in itself but justice has been served and a conviction has been handed down..indeed, things are slow but justice is still in place.
but you must be clear about whether all your fears have gone or it is only that of death that is not there anymore.
anyway, long story short, we don't talk anymore, not like how we had before.
i don't talk to her anymore, simply because she didnt talk to me.
but knowing that the person doesnt love you anymore will only teach you how relationships work.
who knows?, most likely it will mean exactly that, he/she doesn't want to talk to you anymore, if it's a girl, it could, although very unlikely, mean that she's testing you, my advice would be to not to talk to this person anymore, one because if he/she truly doesn't want to talk to you anymore, you should respect that, second, because if she's testing you, she'll see that you don't play those games.
in most cases, it obviously means that the person saying it doesnt want to talk with you anymore.
ask if that is what the person does want and if they answer yes, then dont talk to them anymore.
it means that you shouldnt talk to them anymore.
if youre failing your class, look at where youre going wrong and ask yourself why do i not enjoy it anymore?
just recognising your old purpose and why youre not following it anymore will help you onto the right track.
you may be right when you say that your partner isnt the same anymore.
the old folks home where she lives has a busy social scene that she wanted to get out of, so she made it clear to everyone that shes just not socializing anymore.
i absolutely do not enjoy getting together with them either anymore.
that was the time i felt like i can't take it anymore and thought of ending my life ( very immature thinking) .
if you dont hate the programming (maybe its not your dream job anymore), stick with it for now.
and be thinking sober, it can also explain why people dont go to church anymore or just dont believe in god anymore.
considering parents have a difficult time teaching basic life lessons like respect, responsibility, and how to behave in public, and leaving those lessons to teachers, i doubt many parents are emphasizing heritage much anymore.
if you can no longer use the gun anymore, then it means you are wasting a lot of payload weight which you could turn into missiles or other ordnance.
if someone is telling you that vanilla won't cut it anymore, it means that meeting the standard expectation isn't good enough anymore.
sometimes when i get what i want i don't want it anymore.
to answer your question of, if usa declared we don't respect patents anymore, how would this change the world?welli agree with thomas jefferson; it wouldnt change the world.
i can imagine a reduction in anxiety being beneficial, but this is similar to the intellect question; going outside of a fairly narrow range, i think the person with radically less anxiety probably isnt me anymore.
most of us dont think its cool to dip snuff anymore.
i hate to break it to you, we don't live in 1880 anymore.have you ever grown vegetables in a garden?
i dont know what is real anymore.
what should you do when life gives you so much pressure that you can't handle it anymore?
change your story from i cant handle the pressures of life anymore to the pressures of life were really tough so i decided to learn skills that will make them easier to handle.
wait, no, i don't want to be with you anymore.
the disappearing of love, the attraction, of him to you, is disappearing or does not exist anymore.
how did you determined you didnt love your boyfriend anymore?
time will heal him - and you have no reason to stay with someone you dont like anymore.
what can i do to not be a lesbian anymore?
"i can't handle being in a relationship anymore," is a soft way of saying, "i don't want to see you anymore."
we could speculate on whether she really means that she can't handle being in a relationship anymore, or that she doesn't want to be in a relationship with you anymore, but the bottom line is, i'm sorry, but the two of you are over.
but, if you think that you can't take it anymore, then giver her a warning, that you might not come back after your relationship with her ended.
only you know why you dont talk anymore, so only you can say if it is a good enough reason to continue to not talk, or not.
you know what it is to be hurt, shredded, and disappointed enough to feel you have nothing to lose anymore.
its impossible to say that nothing excites you anymore, since there is no way you have experienced everything out there.
with the invention of explosives, forts have become obsolete, as they do not serve the purpose of defense anymore.
mel brocksthanks for asking your question, why doesn't mtv produce their own animated tv shows anymore?
i assume by not playing anymore, you mean not playing in the u.s.
no one has 2000 trained cavalry anymore..
q: why can't you post pictures into your quora questions anymore?
so there is simply no room anymore, except for the new question source, where you can put a link to a reference.
we have absolutely no reason to believe that humans are not evolving anymore.
if life started to develop from 'nothing,' why don't we watch such processes anymore?
it doesnt matter why you think he doesnt love her anymore, because anymore may seem like forever, but it might not be.
as you say you do not have friends anymore ,so assuming you had friends earlier the solution to your problem becomes very direct .
can you tell us the reason youre not motivated anymore?
just, if she isn't interested in you anymore, be very careful not to lose your heart to her again.
you asked: what does it mean if your ex wants to move in and even sleep in the same bed but says she isn't interested in you anymore.
you: sorry john, i do not have the same feelings for you anymore.
i have been thinking about this moment for several days/minutes/months..etc., but i cant ignore it anymore.
did you ask her the reason for her not in love with you anymore?
if after my confession she dont want me to be her friends anymore then, in that sense i dont want her to be the type of friend/girl anyway.
you dont think she will want to be your friend anymore once she knows how you really feel about her.
it is not true that indian software companies dont use h1b anymore.
because most guys who got dumped earlier doesnt take any interest in further relationships.if this is the case, then my friend you can make him love you, only if he is not thinking about her anymore.talk to him about his past.
also you have answered the question yourself when you said that you cant be friends with him anymore.
i suddenly have no interest in accomplishing my goal anymore, and just want to be a lazy bum.
why aren't they close friends anymore?
catalan may have their own football national team, but that may take a time in building, but it is clear as soon as catalan become independent republic, they cant play in spain anymore.
"a decade ago i would have told you that this was a failed experiment, but not anymore.
it may be that you just don't much care anymore, and it may be that you don't feel your age, and it may be that you're having trouble believing your age.
likely, you just don't care enough to keep track anymore.
after that i dont talk to her anymore.
should i not like her anymore?
i feel that you would not be overacting if you decided not to like her anymore.
having the same skills that were relevant and in demand a few years ago wouldn't be enough anymore.
its possible that they meant to say i like you very much, but i just dont love you anymore.
q: what does it mean when your boyfriend said he doesn't want you to get attached to him anymore?
what does it mean when your boyfriend said he doesn't want you to get attached to him anymore?
we live in a dog eat dog world and people don't care about others anymore, only themselves.
why don't people laugh as much anymore?
to tell someone so directly that you just don't want to be friends anymore, especially with someone you have known for so long, can be insensitive if you haven't explored the issue completely (unless they are abusive of course, in which case telling them can be a way to ensure you are taking care of yourself and not allowing yourself to be abused.)
that would be the logical approach but i ask this, how many of us would truly call up the person and tell them they do not want to be friends anymore - seriously ?
i presume you are not as much as bad person as you thought because in your inner heart felt that you don't hurt to anyone or to anymore.
sorry man, i dont really smoke anymore.
hey thanks for taking care of me, but i dont smoke anymore.
how do you tell your old dealer that you don't smoke weed anymore without being nasty?
yo, i don't smoke weed anymore.
the empire doesn't exist anymore as the new republic is the government in power and has kicked it to the curb.
write until you can't write anymore, then write some more.
why isnt it there anymore?
the present administration doesnt consider students as participants anymore, they consider students as subjects to be ruled and oppressed.
do they need to jailbreak anymore?
now on to what you really want to say: im not in love with you anymore.
these happy elderly couples know they are not in love anymore, and they dont care.
just tell him that you feel you are not anymore in love.
you : i don't love you anymore.
once he upset my elderly mother to the point where she stated she didn't want to live anymore.
why would you assume that progressive christians dont believe anymore?
are they people, who are too scared to admit, that they do not believe anymore?
not quite sure about feeling good though it is absolute reality for each one of us that one day we are not going to be walking this earth anymore.
i have to say, though; user-13188409861332288305's answer to do you feel good to know one day you won't exist anymore?
i consider myself bad and selfish and the depressing like so the world might be a better place without me, so it makes me want to watch over and find out what happen when i dont exist anymore.
why is there almost no good in the world anymore?
the problem isnt that you dont know who you are anymore afterwards but that you realize that you never knew.
if a guy is innocent and the girlfriend told them they don't trust them anymore because of cheating issues then this can bring a variety of emotions: anger despair sadness powerlessness
i am keeping this staying healthy momentum alive and now running doesn't seem to be an impossible task anymore.
many of my friends do not post on facebook anymore.
beacuse he grew up , no more 2014 pewdiepie , he is going 100% honest now , no pretending or similar , so im sorry to say he wont use it anymore , it was for amnesia , stayed a bit longer and now its gone.
wine coolers just dont really have much of a niche anymore.
first of all, try to assess if the reason why you dont like it anymore is serious or not.
if you decide that its serious and this cant go on anymore, then tell your parents and cut their/your losses.
how can i activate my imo account since the sim card isnt working anymore?
has the cia been training a new batch of freedom fighters for iran or they will be using the ones they cant use in syria anymore?
if we didn't know that the arrested students of 2009 for asking just "where is my vote", where mostly executed and killed under the torture, this question of "has the cia been training a new batch of freedom fighters for iran or they will be using the ones they cant use in syria anymore?"
why is it that no one believes in vampires,mermaids and werewolves anymore, but some still believe in witches, ghosts and aliens?
once i started getting use to the atmosphere i began to notice that people didn't really tease me anymore.
i think the common owners of pitbulls need to not exist anymore.
but in response to your second question - why is the customer never right anymore - im assuming youre asking why isnt the customer always right anymore.
the customer isnt always right anymore because the customer isnt always right.
it's probably you have experienced enough and you can't be bothered by it anymore.
i dont eat pancakes or french toast anymore unless its at a brunch i make for friends (once a month).
i really dont anymore.
q: if you can't put faith in yourself, and you aren't religious, what is there to put your faith in anymore?
meaning: none of your business anymore.
the only reason for keeping a number in your phone is if you need to contact the person but if you don't talk with her anymore,you might as well delete it and move on
q: why are countries not trying to colonize other countries as much anymore?
i put of telling my friend i was too uncomfortable to hang out anymore for literally over a month i felt so bad.
one of the reasons i was so reluctant to tell my friend i didnt want to hang out with him anymore was because i didnt want him to be more afraid to ask people out in the future.
and sometimes we really dont know how to carry on anymore.
i am used for money alot, that's the only time anyone visits anymore.
1.you dont feel much when you see your crush around the turn anymore
things are quite different now; youre able to greet him or her properly whenever you see your crush around the corner, and your face doesnt light up anymore.
in essence, he or she just doesnt feel special to you anymore, and seeing him or her is just like seeing any other person of the opposite sex.
3.you dont feel jealous anymore
but now you find that you dont think of him or her as much, and even when you do think of your crush you realize that theres no particular feeling associated with the image anymore.
and just because he doesn't want you you made him the challenge of your life you've put all of your attention on him and that's where you are wrong you need to to take him down from his throne of your thoughts and try instead of stop thinking about him thinking more about him and thinking more about his flaws and his bad traits why?..you guys you guys broke up for a reason and unless that reason was something out of your control it must be that you guys weren't compatible or he just didn't love the real you we talked about and the same way you can't stop yourself from loving someone you can't just start loving someone once you think more about his bad traits and that he doesn't really have feelings for you it would be easier for you to have a reason to move on and find someone who actually appreciates the real you life is too short to hang on to people who are toxic to you and who make your life hell and stop you from doing your dreams he could be one of the best people out there but he is absolutely not the best for you because the best for you will appreciate the real you will give you the love you need and would not make you feel that all you give is taken for granted i know that you thinking of your really good lover and you don't deserve everything that happened to you but that's just the way relationships go that's why relationships are complicated you are not a revolving door you cannot just let him in and out and hang on his legs just to keep him around you need to appreciate your personality traits your hobbies your dreams are you getting you need to work on them once you start working on yourself your notice that you don't need his attention anymore because you're you got your own attention and trust me you don't need anyone's attention when you got yours
if the employees were paid the minimum wage, and no one tipped anymore, then the employees would be furious and quit their jobs.
you say you wont go there anymore.
nothing makes it royal anymore, it's just branding, an echo from yesteryear.
is it okay to leave india because i am a general category guy and i don't want my kids to suffer this caste based reservation anymore?
i dont understand their policies anymore and they can seldom justify the price of their products in this competitive environment.
i saw a post yesterday about someone asking what to do when someone tells them they dont want to be friends anymore, i hope this is unrelated.
if the bias is something you approve of, stop following your dream, it's not your dream anymore, an hobby maybe, it was predicated on you being somebody else, you changed, it happens.
if you are not passionate about it then dont do it anymore.
nowadays, you need to look for other signs because sex just doesn't mean that anymore.
and he said that he has changed and he's not the person he was anymore.
you dont live there anymore, your decision only affects you, it is no bodys business anyways, so i would only tell those that i know can keep it to themselves and would understand.
these are 10 questions and there variations which broadly cover all those questions which i really dont want to see on quora anymore.
second, home wasnt there anymore.
as you said, you are not interested in site work anymore, this clearly means you have now gathered pretty much experience on site which is actually good for you.
when im asking my friends, that dont play it anymore, why theyre saying its bad, and why did they play this game for so long and they just don't say anything or change the subject.
anymore.
the big show for the last 3 years hasnt been at his best anymore.
he has gained weight and he doesnt move as well anymore.
he cant perform basic moves anymore like he used to.
why do i feel so inferior and angry when somebody cuts the communication and doesn't respond anymore for no reason?
what they think isnt important anymore, because they are no longer your friend.
every time you feel inferior about it, remind yourself of these factswhat they think isnt important anymore, not everyone is going to like you and you are angry about this treatment.
why do i feel so inferior and angry when somebody cuts the communication and doesn't respond anymore for no reason?
my prediction is by 2022, that one of the aa and visit britain will not be active anymore.
i'm not in love with her anymore, but i still love her as a person.
no one needs to put in the hard work anymore because people want it done fast and easy.
is it safe to date your best friend when chances are, if you break up, you might not be friends anymore?
the caste system is not required in india anymore because it has a no.
he doesnt love you anymore, but he lacks the integrity to risk hurting your feelings by admitting it.
if a man says he doesnt love a woman anymore but wants her to be a friend with benefits, do you think the woman can get the man back?
first question is why do they not believe in you anymore?
if nothing excites you anymore, why not help other people find what excites them?
just tell them you cant do it anymore.
my mom doesn't want me in her house anymore.
not to say that there arent brilliant cartoons still being aired and created anymore however.
plus, rm is usually a counterattack team, so bale taking throw-ins isnt normal anymore, also since you want him to receive the ball and go from there.
but really he is telling you that he really isnt interested anymore.
what confirmed that youre not in love with your husband anymore?
you are not a child anymore and your goal is for your parents to see you as an adult.
when your girlfriend wont show you affection anymore, maybe rachel king was right - things between the two of you have changed.
my biggest mistake i made with a guy was thinking that he didnt love me anymore.
i mean, you say you cant live with yourself anymore, and you are confused as to who you are and you are ashamed of yourself
once you admit that and face the consequences of admitting the truth, you can put away the violins playing in the background over your so-called ptsd (since its an insult to those who have actually experienced genuine trauma) and stop it with the drama of being unable to function anymore.
thats why i dont even care anymore either :) in my country we have a saying: mejor solo que mal acompaado.
i do feel lonely, but i just don't see the point of having/making friends anymore, it takes too much effort and i dont enjoy being around people that much.
i dont feel lonely, and i just don't see the point of having/making friends anymore, it takes too much effort, i dont enjoy being around people and i really dont feel the need to do it.
i think you can focus more on your career or pick up a training or course that will keep you busy after office hours to the point you do not think about relationships anymore.
it is very hard to not being able to talk to the loved one anymore.
everytime his image creeps into your mind, say to yourself that this person does not care you anymore and if you have faith in god, please ask helping you getting rid of, of your feelings for him.
now that most of us understand that thats not true anymore, why self-impose the feeling of being a decadent, smarmy jerk?
do schools teach people things, anymore?
d. once the new or old supply is locked in he will then discard you because he is not happy with you and he doesnt love you anymore.
that's why perry said it is not 1938 anymore.
i suspect that you have been hiding the fact that you don't love him anymore, continuing to act as if you still do.
you feel alone and not safe anymore well they are the gifts you receive when youre at lowest ebb its quite common.
she asked you not to contact her anymore.
you are not you anymore at every successive moment.
question: would it be moral when teleportation using quantum physics would mean you are not you anymore without you knowing it?
perhaps there would be a way for you to slowly transition your relationship so that youre not hanging out every minute of every day, but it would be highly unwise to tell her you love her and that you wont hang out with her anymore at the same time.
this is a hard one but you are gonna need to let him go, don't be spiteful and don't give him anymore attention.
in any case the boy doesnt care about you anymore so just accept the fact and move on!
why are your organisms not that strong anymore?
how does it feel to miss someone you can not contact anymore?
